Senior Data Engineer (Python)- Healthcare Truelogic Software Full-time Latin America python nosql sql aws machine learning Apply for this position Truelogic is a leading provider of nearshore staff augmentation services, located in New York. Our team of 500 tech talents is driving digital disruption from Latin America to the top projects in U.S. companies. Truelogic has been helping companies of all sizes to achieve their digital transformation goals. Would you like to make innovation happen? Have you ever dreamed of building Products that impact millions of users? Nice! Then we have a seat for you on our team! What are you going to do? You will have the opportunity to work in a healthcare transformation Company. We have built a platform that offers robust healthcare options and medical management services while reducing costs through technological and product innovations. We are leading the healthcare industry in new care options, cutting-edge technology, and robust administration tools. We launched the business in 2015 and since then we’ve grown from a group of 10 people with a vision to bring technology solutions to the healthcare industry to more than 120 employees working together to manage and foster our explosive growth Occupy a unique position in the market, as a Senior Data Engineer to work with our team to do work with DynamoDB and perform a data transition to PostgreSQL. Hands-on individual contributor, focused on architecting, reviewing, and implementing Database schema for Health care mobile and web applications in Postgres SQL. Develop modern data architectural approaches for business intelligence reporting and analytics, including that for machine learning models and data science, ensuring effectiveness, scalability, and reliability. Design, develop, implement, and optimize ELT processes that merge data from disparate sources into Snowflake for consumption by data analysts and scientists, business owners, and decision-makers. Detect data quality issues, identify their root causes, implement fixes, and design data audits to capture issues. Distill technical requirements into the product development and operational process via continuous collaboration with product, engineering, and analytics team members. Influence and communicate with all levels of stakeholders including analysts, developers, and business users. What will help you succeed 5+ years (7 is ideal) active Data Engineering experience required. Strong problem solving and coding skills in SQL/Python. Experience working with a variety of ETL platforms (FiveTran, AWS Glue, or Matillion). Experience with Snowflake, PostgresSQL, MSSQL, NOSQL & RDBMS. Experience with Airflow/Prefect. Experience with CI/CD including CI/CD for database development. Apply for this position Bookmark Report About the job Full-time Latin America 18 Applicants Posted 1 week ago python nosql sql aws machine learning Apply for this position Bookmark Report Senior Data Engineer (Python)- Healthcare Truelogic Software Truelogic is a leading provider of nearshore staff augmentation services, located in New York. Our team of 500 tech talents is driving digital disruption from Latin America to the top projects in U.S. companies. Truelogic has been helping companies of all sizes to achieve their digital transformation goals. Would you like to make innovation happen? Have you ever dreamed of building Products that impact millions of users? Nice! Then we have a seat for you on our team! What are you going to do? You will have the opportunity to work in a healthcare transformation Company. We have built a platform that offers robust healthcare options and medical management services while reducing costs through technological and product innovations. We are leading the healthcare industry in new care options, cutting-edge technology, and robust administration tools. We launched the business in 2015 and since then we’ve grown from a group of 10 people with a vision to bring technology solutions to the healthcare industry to more than 120 employees working together to manage and foster our explosive growth Occupy a unique position in the market, as a Senior Data Engineer to work with our team to do work with DynamoDB and perform a data transition to PostgreSQL. Hands-on individual contributor, focused on architecting, reviewing, and implementing Database schema for Health care mobile and web applications in Postgres SQL. Develop modern data architectural approaches for business intelligence reporting and analytics, including that for machine learning models and data science, ensuring effectiveness, scalability, and reliability. Design, develop, implement, and optimize ELT processes that merge data from disparate sources into Snowflake for consumption by data analysts and scientists, business owners, and decision-makers. Detect data quality issues, identify their root causes, implement fixes, and design data audits to capture issues. Distill technical requirements into the product development and operational process via continuous collaboration with product, engineering, and analytics team members. Influence and communicate with all levels of stakeholders including analysts, developers, and business users. What will help you succeed 5+ years (7 is ideal) active Data Engineering experience required. Strong problem solving and coding skills in SQL/Python. Experience working with a variety of ETL platforms (FiveTran, AWS Glue, or Matillion). Experience with Snowflake, PostgresSQL, MSSQL, NOSQL & RDBMS. Experience with Airflow/Prefect. Experience with CI/CD including CI/CD for database development.