Scala Data Engineer Railroad19 Full-time USA $140k-$170k per year scala aws architecture advertising computer science Apply for this position #Hiringnow We are actively hiring (Data Engineers) We are seeking several Senior Data Engineers to join a new team to be a strong technical resource on a dynamic and growing team of engineers. Our ideal candidate is passionate about creating well-architecture solutions containing thoroughly tested code. The ability to communicate effectively and create relationships by empathizing with client goals is a highly valued skill within our company culture. Core Responsibilities: Develop new and enhance existing application services Writing tests to maintain code quality Understand and adapt to our client's evolving business requirements within the television advertising domain. Participate in detailed technical design sessions to understand client needs and provide productive feedback Identify new opportunities, tools, and services to enhance the software platform Support and troubleshoot issues, identify the root cause, and proactively recommend corrective actions Skills & Experience: Scala 2.12 + development experience Passionate about developing clean and maintainable code with little or no side-effects Experience building data pipelines Strong hands-on experience with AWS running spark jobs on ephemeral EMR clusters on AWS and S3. Experience with relational and non-relational databases Willingness to learn new technologies and takes pride in keeping up with the latest technologies and practices within the Scala and Spark development community Excellent oral and written communication skills Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Self-directed and can effectively deliver solutions with little oversight Bachelor's or master's degree in computer science, computer engineering, or other technical disciplines or equivalent work experience is preferred but not required $140,000 - $170,000 a year Salary is commensurate with experience. We offer base salary + bonus and competitive benefits, including medical, dental, vision, pet insurance, 401k, and generous Paid Time off (PTO). We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. Apply for this position Bookmark Report About the job Full-time USA $140k-$170k per year 10 Applicants Posted 4Â weeks ago scala aws architecture advertising computer science Apply for this position Bookmark Report Scala Data Engineer Railroad19 #Hiringnow We are actively hiring (Data Engineers) We are seeking several Senior Data Engineers to join a new team to be a strong technical resource on a dynamic and growing team of engineers. Our ideal candidate is passionate about creating well-architecture solutions containing thoroughly tested code. The ability to communicate effectively and create relationships by empathizing with client goals is a highly valued skill within our company culture. Core Responsibilities: Develop new and enhance existing application services Writing tests to maintain code quality Understand and adapt to our client's evolving business requirements within the television advertising domain. Participate in detailed technical design sessions to understand client needs and provide productive feedback Identify new opportunities, tools, and services to enhance the software platform Support and troubleshoot issues, identify the root cause, and proactively recommend corrective actions Skills & Experience: Scala 2.12 + development experience Passionate about developing clean and maintainable code with little or no side-effects Experience building data pipelines Strong hands-on experience with AWS running spark jobs on ephemeral EMR clusters on AWS and S3. Experience with relational and non-relational databases Willingness to learn new technologies and takes pride in keeping up with the latest technologies and practices within the Scala and Spark development community Excellent oral and written communication skills Strong analytical and problem-solving skills Self-directed and can effectively deliver solutions with little oversight Bachelor's or master's degree in computer science, computer engineering, or other technical disciplines or equivalent work experience is preferred but not required $140,000 - $170,000 a year Salary is commensurate with experience. We offer base salary + bonus and competitive benefits, including medical, dental, vision, pet insurance, 401k, and generous Paid Time off (PTO). We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender, gender identity or expression, or veteran status. We are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.