Senior Data Engineer Veda Data Solutions Full-time USA engineering manager devops javascript python sql Apply for this position Veda helps patients get the care they need by untangling complex data management problems using advanced scientific approaches and in-depth collaboration. Our technology reflects what our people provide: quality without ego, honesty backed by science, and warmth in an industry not known for having much heat. Veda is made up of talented professionals that are driven to do meaningful work to change healthcare from the inside out. We are also friends, parents, partners, and caregivers. Veda’s benefits reflect our values— we offer fully paid, low or no-deductible medical, dental and vision insurance for our employees and their families . And, our Flexible PTO policy allows employees to take the time off necessary to recharge and have flexibility to care for themselves and their families. Veda is looking for sharp-minded do-gooders who share our values: Collaboration Working together to identify solutions to current problems Openness Actively listening, sharing and holding space for new ideas, perspectives and people Integrity Doing the right thing, honestly and transparently. Grit Displaying passion and perseverance to achieve our goals. Ready to build the future with us? This Data Engineer will report to the Technical Engineering Manager for the Data Platform team. In this newly created role, you will be part of a team that will lead the development of Veda’s Data Warehousing solution. You will be a trusted contributor to the design of our data pipeline and application architecture, keeping security, cost, & performance in mind. You will work within a cross-disciplinary team of data engineers, data scientists, and cloud architects throughout all stages of development - from brainstorming to coding to ongoing support. As a Data Engineer on the team, you will help move our software development practices forward by guiding others on design and best practices. You'll mentor other engineers, conduct code reviews, and help write technical requirements across product-driven teams. Most importantly, you're excited to be an integral part of a team that values quick iteration, embraces new tech, and relies on data-driven decision making to deliver value for customers and the firm at large to move our products forward. About You: You are Self-motivated, driven to continue learning. You are proficient in shipping production Python and SQL code You have contributed to hiring, interviewing and training peer and junior engineers You recognize what it takes to add value as a member of high-performing engineering teams. You can identify key success factors, inspire a culture of learning and knowledge sharing, and proactively intervene when goals are not met. You have a background in product development, and a love for wrangling data and delivering solutions to business problems on a fast-paced team. You have the most fun when you get to share ideas and solve complex problems by applying excellent organizational skills and collaborative values. You’re comfortable working throughout the Software Development Lifecycle: refining requirements, designing solutions, testing changes, and delivering in collaboration with Engineering Management, Product, and Customer-facing teams. Required Qualifications: 6+ years of experience shipping production python code 6+ years of professional experience working in a developer role (devops or similar) that heavily involves high-frequency, customer-related development. Including but not limited to: Building and designing Data Lake, Data Warehouse and Data Mart solutions Database design and data modeling experience including performance optimization Experience working in report development tools like tableau, powerBI Experience working in a variety of data stores (sql and no-sql) and file formats. Writing automated testsusing infrastructure as code, CICD pipelines, containerization technologies Supporting, designing, building, and maintaining high volume/high frequency data pipelines for large scale, complex data sets Working with event-driven and/or microservice ecosystemsMaintaining, expanding and evolving legacy code and frameworks Preferred Qualifications/ Desired Experience: Designing applications that make use of AWS services including Lambda, S3, Glue, RDS, DynamoDB, ECS, EMR, Data Lake Formation Snowflake or equivalent Data Warehousing solutions ETL and orchestration engines including Spark, airflow, Informatica Building production applications with Javascript or Typescript Python data science libraries like Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib; familiarity with these is appreciated but the focus of this work is backend, not data science/model development. Working in highly regulated industries like finance, health care or defense. Our COVID Commitment: Veda is committed to prioritizing the health, safety and emotional well being of our employees and their families. Veda has always embraced the benefit of each employee working remotely, collaboratively. All employees are required to be located within the USA or Ireland. We look forward to learning more about you -- apply to join the Veda team today! Apply for this position Bookmark Report About the job Full-time USA 15 Applicants Posted 4 weeks ago engineering manager devops javascript python sql Apply for this position Bookmark Report Senior Data Engineer Veda Data Solutions Veda helps patients get the care they need by untangling complex data management problems using advanced scientific approaches and in-depth collaboration. Our technology reflects what our people provide: quality without ego, honesty backed by science, and warmth in an industry not known for having much heat. Veda is made up of talented professionals that are driven to do meaningful work to change healthcare from the inside out. We are also friends, parents, partners, and caregivers. Veda’s benefits reflect our values— we offer fully paid, low or no-deductible medical, dental and vision insurance for our employees and their families . And, our Flexible PTO policy allows employees to take the time off necessary to recharge and have flexibility to care for themselves and their families. Veda is looking for sharp-minded do-gooders who share our values: Collaboration Working together to identify solutions to current problems Openness Actively listening, sharing and holding space for new ideas, perspectives and people Integrity Doing the right thing, honestly and transparently. Grit Displaying passion and perseverance to achieve our goals. Ready to build the future with us? This Data Engineer will report to the Technical Engineering Manager for the Data Platform team. In this newly created role, you will be part of a team that will lead the development of Veda’s Data Warehousing solution. You will be a trusted contributor to the design of our data pipeline and application architecture, keeping security, cost, & performance in mind. You will work within a cross-disciplinary team of data engineers, data scientists, and cloud architects throughout all stages of development - from brainstorming to coding to ongoing support. As a Data Engineer on the team, you will help move our software development practices forward by guiding others on design and best practices. You'll mentor other engineers, conduct code reviews, and help write technical requirements across product-driven teams. Most importantly, you're excited to be an integral part of a team that values quick iteration, embraces new tech, and relies on data-driven decision making to deliver value for customers and the firm at large to move our products forward. About You: You are Self-motivated, driven to continue learning. You are proficient in shipping production Python and SQL code You have contributed to hiring, interviewing and training peer and junior engineers You recognize what it takes to add value as a member of high-performing engineering teams. You can identify key success factors, inspire a culture of learning and knowledge sharing, and proactively intervene when goals are not met. You have a background in product development, and a love for wrangling data and delivering solutions to business problems on a fast-paced team. You have the most fun when you get to share ideas and solve complex problems by applying excellent organizational skills and collaborative values. You’re comfortable working throughout the Software Development Lifecycle: refining requirements, designing solutions, testing changes, and delivering in collaboration with Engineering Management, Product, and Customer-facing teams. Required Qualifications: 6+ years of experience shipping production python code 6+ years of professional experience working in a developer role (devops or similar) that heavily involves high-frequency, customer-related development. Including but not limited to: Building and designing Data Lake, Data Warehouse and Data Mart solutions Database design and data modeling experience including performance optimization Experience working in report development tools like tableau, powerBI Experience working in a variety of data stores (sql and no-sql) and file formats. Writing automated testsusing infrastructure as code, CICD pipelines, containerization technologies Supporting, designing, building, and maintaining high volume/high frequency data pipelines for large scale, complex data sets Working with event-driven and/or microservice ecosystemsMaintaining, expanding and evolving legacy code and frameworks Preferred Qualifications/ Desired Experience: Designing applications that make use of AWS services including Lambda, S3, Glue, RDS, DynamoDB, ECS, EMR, Data Lake Formation Snowflake or equivalent Data Warehousing solutions ETL and orchestration engines including Spark, airflow, Informatica Building production applications with Javascript or Typescript Python data science libraries like Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib; familiarity with these is appreciated but the focus of this work is backend, not data science/model development. Working in highly regulated industries like finance, health care or defense. Our COVID Commitment: Veda is committed to prioritizing the health, safety and emotional well being of our employees and their families. Veda has always embraced the benefit of each employee working remotely, collaboratively. All employees are required to be located within the USA or Ireland. We look forward to learning more about you -- apply to join the Veda team today!