Senior Data Engineer Zencore Full-time Europe java python hadoop sql scala Apply for this position Zencore is a fast-growing company founded by former Google Cloud leaders, architects, and engineers. We are seeking candidates with significant experience in Google Cloud to join our team. Our engagements aim to eliminate obstacles, reduce risk, and accelerate timelines for customers transitioning to Google and seeking assistance with data and application modernization. We embed within customer teams to provide strategic guidance, facilitate technology decisions, and execute projects in a collaborative, co-development style. What you will do... As a member of our Data Engineering team, you will be working with fast-paced innovative companies, leveraging Cloud as the key driver of their transformation. They will look at you as their trusted advisor, someone they can rely on and who will be there to help them along their journey on Google Cloud. You will be expected to cover a large spectrum of technology topics like ETL/ELT, Data Warehousing, Distributed Data Processing, and Streaming Data systems. Who we need... 5+ years of experience serving as a data engineer or in a comparable engineering capacity Strong skills with Python or a JVM language (Java, Scala) Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases. Experience working with cloud data warehouses, specifically BigQuery or +Snowflake Experience working with data platforms built on public cloud in a production setting. Experience working with GCP native data toolset is preferred. Having built ELT or ETL pipelines processing large amounts of data. Experience with dbt or Airbyte is preferred. Experience developing production Spark or Hadoop applications Gained experience with a workload scheduling and orchestration tool such as Apache Airflow/Cloud Composer Familiarity with modern DataOps (e.g. quality eng, testing, pipeline deployments etc) practices and IaC (e.g. Terraform) Familiarity with the constellation of tools in the data engineering ecosystem. You should be comfortable picking up and learning a new tool, as well as recommending tools that have served you well. Experience with batch, micro-batch, and real-time streaming architectures Good internal and customer-facing communication skills Experience with relational database management systems and change data capture (CDC) is a plus Why work here... We are professionals you can Trust. Our people have the extensive experience to get the job done We share unbiased opinions and are comfortable with the hard truths. You are the subject matter experts for our customers. We are the Missing Link . You will connect our customers to Google and move quickly when others can’t We remove uncertainty and risk by clearly outlining the process of cloud migration for our customers We accelerate timelines and do not dwell on a challenge. You’ll move faster and expose “unknown unknowns” for our customers We show empathy . Our customers believe in us because we can relate to their complexities. How to succeed... First rule at Zencore - Be Kind Own the process - own your customer’s success by proactive practices Work hard to reach the destination, but make sure to enjoy the journey Champion a consistent collaborative culture Be receptive to Feedback Challenge the Status Quo We are a fully remote company and offer competitive compensation and benefits . Zencore is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Zencore is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. Apply for this position Bookmark Report About the job Full-time Europe 32 Applicants Posted 3 weeks ago java python hadoop sql scala Apply for this position Bookmark Report Senior Data Engineer Zencore Zencore is a fast-growing company founded by former Google Cloud leaders, architects, and engineers. We are seeking candidates with significant experience in Google Cloud to join our team. Our engagements aim to eliminate obstacles, reduce risk, and accelerate timelines for customers transitioning to Google and seeking assistance with data and application modernization. We embed within customer teams to provide strategic guidance, facilitate technology decisions, and execute projects in a collaborative, co-development style. What you will do... As a member of our Data Engineering team, you will be working with fast-paced innovative companies, leveraging Cloud as the key driver of their transformation. They will look at you as their trusted advisor, someone they can rely on and who will be there to help them along their journey on Google Cloud. You will be expected to cover a large spectrum of technology topics like ETL/ELT, Data Warehousing, Distributed Data Processing, and Streaming Data systems. Who we need... 5+ years of experience serving as a data engineer or in a comparable engineering capacity Strong skills with Python or a JVM language (Java, Scala) Advanced working SQL knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring (SQL) as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases. Experience working with cloud data warehouses, specifically BigQuery or +Snowflake Experience working with data platforms built on public cloud in a production setting. Experience working with GCP native data toolset is preferred. Having built ELT or ETL pipelines processing large amounts of data. Experience with dbt or Airbyte is preferred. Experience developing production Spark or Hadoop applications Gained experience with a workload scheduling and orchestration tool such as Apache Airflow/Cloud Composer Familiarity with modern DataOps (e.g. quality eng, testing, pipeline deployments etc) practices and IaC (e.g. Terraform) Familiarity with the constellation of tools in the data engineering ecosystem. You should be comfortable picking up and learning a new tool, as well as recommending tools that have served you well. Experience with batch, micro-batch, and real-time streaming architectures Good internal and customer-facing communication skills Experience with relational database management systems and change data capture (CDC) is a plus Why work here... We are professionals you can Trust. Our people have the extensive experience to get the job done We share unbiased opinions and are comfortable with the hard truths. You are the subject matter experts for our customers. We are the Missing Link . You will connect our customers to Google and move quickly when others can’t We remove uncertainty and risk by clearly outlining the process of cloud migration for our customers We accelerate timelines and do not dwell on a challenge. You’ll move faster and expose “unknown unknowns” for our customers We show empathy . Our customers believe in us because we can relate to their complexities. How to succeed... First rule at Zencore - Be Kind Own the process - own your customer’s success by proactive practices Work hard to reach the destination, but make sure to enjoy the journey Champion a consistent collaborative culture Be receptive to Feedback Challenge the Status Quo We are a fully remote company and offer competitive compensation and benefits . Zencore is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Zencore is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status.