Senior Data Engineer Spokeo Full-time USA $136k-$166k per year recruiting python big data sql aws Apply for this position About Spokeo Join our mission to make the world more transparent with data. Spokeo is a people search engine that helps over 18 million monthly visitors reconnect with friends, reunite with families, and protect against fraud. Additionally, our 12 billion records and over 250 million unique profiles help business professionals to locate people and assets, research criminal investigation subjects, and more. Founded in 2006, we have grown to a remote-first company of nearly 200 dedicated employees with an average tenure of 4.5 years. Find out why we were named a “Best Company” for 2023 by Comparably for Women, Compensation, Happiest Employees, Company Perks & Benefits, and Work-Life Balance, as well as “Best CEO” for co-founder Harrison Tang About this Opportunity As a Data Engineer at Spokeo, you will be responsible for developing, optimizing, and maintaining the ETL data pipeline. This involves working with infrastructure built in AWS, including Airflow, PySpark, EMR, S3, DynamoDB, and more. This role will help build and improve automation platform features, analytical software packages, and data pipeline orchestration tools. What you’ll do: Build infrastructure and data automation pipeline for the extraction, preparation, and loading of data from various sources. Automate and integrate new components into the data pipeline. Implement robust ETL processes to efficiently execute product vision and strategy in alignment with organizational goals and priorities. Create unit and stress test components to monitor technical performance and ensure identified issues are resolved. Develop data analysis tools to provide data insights and capture key metrics. Research solutions and maintain technical documentation. Follow best practices for data governance, data quality, data cleansing, and other ETL-related activities. What you’ve done: 7+ years of development experience in data engineering. 5+ years of hands-on programming experience with Python. 5+ years of professional experience working in big data ecosystems, preferably with Spark 3+ years experience with SQL, schema design, and dimensional data modeling. 2+ years of professional experience working with dataflow management tools, such as Airflow 2+ years of development experience in highly scalable, distributed systems and cluster architectures using AWS. 2+ years experience with non-relational databases (e.g., DynamoDB, Elasticsearch, etc.) Prior experience working with large data sets (>100M+ records) B.S. in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related fields Working at Spokeo Our mission is to advance transparency, and to achieve that goal, we rally around six core values: listening with empathy, understanding the why, clarifying with data, innovating to learn, collaborating to achieve, and insisting on quality. As a remote-first company, we are able to hire team members residing in the following US states: AZ, CA, CO, FL, GA, KY, MD, MI, MO, NH, NJ, NV, NC, PA, SC, SD, TX, VA, or WA. In addition to a highly competitive base salary, our generous benefits include: participation in a company bonus program stock options 401K matching for qualified roles 100% medical/dental/vision coverage unlimited PTO mental health resources paid home office equipment fitness reimbursements support paying for courses twice a year, we offer discretionary, merit-based salary increases. And more… We extend written offers to candidates who successfully complete their selection process. Offers will depend on several factors, including, but not limited to, marketplace competition, job leveling, experience, and skills. Privacy Notice for Candidates: https://www.spokeo.com/recruiting-policy Spokeo is an equal-opportunity employer. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or protected veteran status. Spokeo fosters a business culture where ideas and decisions from all people help us grow, innovate, create the best products, and be relevant in a rapidly changing world. Note: You must be authorized to work for any employer in the U.S . We are unable to sponsor or take over sponsorship of one’s employment visa at this time. Recruiters or staffing agencies: Spokeo is not obligated to compensate any external recruiter or search firm who presents a candidate or their resume or profile to a Spokeo employee without 1) a current, fully executed agreement on file, and 2) being assigned to the open position (as a search) via our applicant tracking solution. #LI-Remote Apply for this position Bookmark Report About the job Full-time USA $136k-$166k per year 4 Applicants Posted 1 week ago recruiting python big data sql aws Apply for this position Bookmark Report Senior Data Engineer Spokeo About Spokeo Join our mission to make the world more transparent with data. Spokeo is a people search engine that helps over 18 million monthly visitors reconnect with friends, reunite with families, and protect against fraud. Additionally, our 12 billion records and over 250 million unique profiles help business professionals to locate people and assets, research criminal investigation subjects, and more. Founded in 2006, we have grown to a remote-first company of nearly 200 dedicated employees with an average tenure of 4.5 years. Find out why we were named a “Best Company” for 2023 by Comparably for Women, Compensation, Happiest Employees, Company Perks & Benefits, and Work-Life Balance, as well as “Best CEO” for co-founder Harrison Tang About this Opportunity As a Data Engineer at Spokeo, you will be responsible for developing, optimizing, and maintaining the ETL data pipeline. This involves working with infrastructure built in AWS, including Airflow, PySpark, EMR, S3, DynamoDB, and more. This role will help build and improve automation platform features, analytical software packages, and data pipeline orchestration tools. What you’ll do: Build infrastructure and data automation pipeline for the extraction, preparation, and loading of data from various sources. Automate and integrate new components into the data pipeline. Implement robust ETL processes to efficiently execute product vision and strategy in alignment with organizational goals and priorities. Create unit and stress test components to monitor technical performance and ensure identified issues are resolved. Develop data analysis tools to provide data insights and capture key metrics. Research solutions and maintain technical documentation. Follow best practices for data governance, data quality, data cleansing, and other ETL-related activities. What you’ve done: 7+ years of development experience in data engineering. 5+ years of hands-on programming experience with Python. 5+ years of professional experience working in big data ecosystems, preferably with Spark 3+ years experience with SQL, schema design, and dimensional data modeling. 2+ years of professional experience working with dataflow management tools, such as Airflow 2+ years of development experience in highly scalable, distributed systems and cluster architectures using AWS. 2+ years experience with non-relational databases (e.g., DynamoDB, Elasticsearch, etc.) Prior experience working with large data sets (>100M+ records) B.S. in Computer Science, Information Systems, or related fields Working at Spokeo Our mission is to advance transparency, and to achieve that goal, we rally around six core values: listening with empathy, understanding the why, clarifying with data, innovating to learn, collaborating to achieve, and insisting on quality. As a remote-first company, we are able to hire team members residing in the following US states: AZ, CA, CO, FL, GA, KY, MD, MI, MO, NH, NJ, NV, NC, PA, SC, SD, TX, VA, or WA. In addition to a highly competitive base salary, our generous benefits include: participation in a company bonus program stock options 401K matching for qualified roles 100% medical/dental/vision coverage unlimited PTO mental health resources paid home office equipment fitness reimbursements support paying for courses twice a year, we offer discretionary, merit-based salary increases. And more… We extend written offers to candidates who successfully complete their selection process. Offers will depend on several factors, including, but not limited to, marketplace competition, job leveling, experience, and skills. Privacy Notice for Candidates: https://www.spokeo.com/recruiting-policy Spokeo is an equal-opportunity employer. Applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or protected veteran status. Spokeo fosters a business culture where ideas and decisions from all people help us grow, innovate, create the best products, and be relevant in a rapidly changing world. Note: You must be authorized to work for any employer in the U.S . We are unable to sponsor or take over sponsorship of one’s employment visa at this time. Recruiters or staffing agencies: Spokeo is not obligated to compensate any external recruiter or search firm who presents a candidate or their resume or profile to a Spokeo employee without 1) a current, fully executed agreement on file, and 2) being assigned to the open position (as a search) via our applicant tracking solution. #LI-Remote