Senior Data Engineer Coursera Full-time Canada python big data sql aws machine learning Apply for this position Job Overview: Does architecting high quality and scalable data pipelines powering business critical applications excite you? How about working with cutting edge technologies alongside some of the brightest and most collaborative individuals in the industry? Join us, in our mission to bring the best learning to every corner of the world! Coursera was founded in 2012 by two visionary Stanford Computer Science professors, Andrew Ng and Daphne Koller, with a mission to democratize world-class education. Today, we stand as one of the world's largest online learning platforms, boasting a community of 118 million registered learners. Our partnerships with over 300+ premier university and industry partners enable us to offer a diverse catalog of content and credentials, ranging from courses, Specializations, Professional Certificates, Guided Projects, to bachelor’s and master’s degrees. Institutions globally leverage Coursera to upskill and reskill their workforce, citizens, and students in pivotal fields such as data science, technology, and business. In February 2021, we proudly became a B Corp. We’re looking for a passionate and talented individual with a keen eye for data to join the Data Engineering team at Coursera! Data Engineering plays a crucial role in building a robust and reliable data infrastructure that enables data-driven decision-making, as well as various data analytics and machine learning initiatives within Coursera. In addition, Data Engineering today owns many external facing data products that drive revenue and boost partner and learner satisfaction. You firmly believe in Coursera's potential to make a significant impact on the world, and align with our core values: Learners first: Champion the needs, potential, and progress of learners everywhere. Play for team Coursera: Excel as an individual and win as a team. Put Coursera’s mission and results before personal goals. Maximize impact: Increase leverage by focusing on things that produce bigger results with less effort. Learn, change, and grow: Move fast, take risks, innovate, and learn quickly. Invite and offer feedback with respect, courage, and candor. Love without limits: Celebrate the diversity and dignity of every one of our employees, learners, customers, and partners. Responsibilities: Architect scalable data models and construct high quality ETL pipelines that act as the backbone of our core data lake, with cutting edge technologies such as Airflow, DBT, Databricks, Redshift, Spark. Your work will lay the foundation for our data-driven culture. Design, build, and launch self-serve analytics products. Your creations will empower our internal and external customers, providing them with rich insights to make informed decisions. Be a technical leader for the team. Your guidance in technical and architectural designs for major team initiatives will inspire others. Help shape the future of Data Engineering at Coursera and foster a culture of continuous learning and growth. Partner with data scientists, business stakeholders, and product engineers to define, curate, and govern high-fidelity data. Develop new tools and frameworks in collaboration with other engineers. Your innovative solutions will enable our customers to understand and access data more efficiently, while adhering to high standards of governance and compliance. Work cross-functionally with product managers, engineers, and business teams to enable major product and feature launches. Basic Qualifications: 5+ years experience in data engineering with expertise in data architecture and pipelines Strong programming skills in Python and proficient with relational databases, data modeling, and SQL Experience with big data technologies (eg: Hive, Spark, Presto) Familiarity with batch and streaming architectures preferred Knowledgeable on data governance and compliance best practices Ability to communicate technical concepts clearly and concisely and independence and passion for innovation and learning new technologies Preferred Qualifications: Hands-on experience with some of: AWS, Databricks, Delta Lake, Airflow, DBT, Redshift, Datahub, Elementary If this opportunity interests you, you might like these courses on Coursera: Big Data Specialization Data Warehousing for Business Intelligence IBM Data Engineering Professional Certificate #LI-JP2 Apply for this position Bookmark Report About the job Full-time Canada 17 Applicants Posted 2 weeks ago python big data sql aws machine learning Apply for this position Bookmark Report Senior Data Engineer Coursera Job Overview: Does architecting high quality and scalable data pipelines powering business critical applications excite you? How about working with cutting edge technologies alongside some of the brightest and most collaborative individuals in the industry? Join us, in our mission to bring the best learning to every corner of the world! Coursera was founded in 2012 by two visionary Stanford Computer Science professors, Andrew Ng and Daphne Koller, with a mission to democratize world-class education. Today, we stand as one of the world's largest online learning platforms, boasting a community of 118 million registered learners. Our partnerships with over 300+ premier university and industry partners enable us to offer a diverse catalog of content and credentials, ranging from courses, Specializations, Professional Certificates, Guided Projects, to bachelor’s and master’s degrees. Institutions globally leverage Coursera to upskill and reskill their workforce, citizens, and students in pivotal fields such as data science, technology, and business. In February 2021, we proudly became a B Corp. We’re looking for a passionate and talented individual with a keen eye for data to join the Data Engineering team at Coursera! Data Engineering plays a crucial role in building a robust and reliable data infrastructure that enables data-driven decision-making, as well as various data analytics and machine learning initiatives within Coursera. In addition, Data Engineering today owns many external facing data products that drive revenue and boost partner and learner satisfaction. You firmly believe in Coursera's potential to make a significant impact on the world, and align with our core values: Learners first: Champion the needs, potential, and progress of learners everywhere. Play for team Coursera: Excel as an individual and win as a team. Put Coursera’s mission and results before personal goals. Maximize impact: Increase leverage by focusing on things that produce bigger results with less effort. Learn, change, and grow: Move fast, take risks, innovate, and learn quickly. Invite and offer feedback with respect, courage, and candor. Love without limits: Celebrate the diversity and dignity of every one of our employees, learners, customers, and partners. Responsibilities: Architect scalable data models and construct high quality ETL pipelines that act as the backbone of our core data lake, with cutting edge technologies such as Airflow, DBT, Databricks, Redshift, Spark. Your work will lay the foundation for our data-driven culture. Design, build, and launch self-serve analytics products. Your creations will empower our internal and external customers, providing them with rich insights to make informed decisions. Be a technical leader for the team. Your guidance in technical and architectural designs for major team initiatives will inspire others. Help shape the future of Data Engineering at Coursera and foster a culture of continuous learning and growth. Partner with data scientists, business stakeholders, and product engineers to define, curate, and govern high-fidelity data. Develop new tools and frameworks in collaboration with other engineers. Your innovative solutions will enable our customers to understand and access data more efficiently, while adhering to high standards of governance and compliance. Work cross-functionally with product managers, engineers, and business teams to enable major product and feature launches. Basic Qualifications: 5+ years experience in data engineering with expertise in data architecture and pipelines Strong programming skills in Python and proficient with relational databases, data modeling, and SQL Experience with big data technologies (eg: Hive, Spark, Presto) Familiarity with batch and streaming architectures preferred Knowledgeable on data governance and compliance best practices Ability to communicate technical concepts clearly and concisely and independence and passion for innovation and learning new technologies Preferred Qualifications: Hands-on experience with some of: AWS, Databricks, Delta Lake, Airflow, DBT, Redshift, Datahub, Elementary If this opportunity interests you, you might like these courses on Coursera: Big Data Specialization Data Warehousing for Business Intelligence IBM Data Engineering Professional Certificate #LI-JP2