Data Engineering Specialist - Data Lake Pismo Full-time Brazil data engineering java nosql python sql Apply for this position Summary Data Teams play a central role at Pismo, providing Data-Intensive Analytics for internal product teams. They also process and deliver TBs of high-quality data, mainly in Stream form, needed by our Partners to produce outstanding products downstream. Operating mainly in Brazil, the data team recently extended its scope to accelerate the Plataformization of data services globally, with representatives in Europe and soon to the US and Asia. We are looking for talented engineers who share our culture of trust, mutual responsibility, and technological excellence to be part of this unprecedented and diverse global Data Organisation. What you'll do Lead the implementation and optimization of data engineering solutions, guiding the team in choosing and adopting the most appropriate technologies for Pismo data stack. Develop innovative solutions in software and Technology architecture to evolve the data platform. Contribute to the dissemination of agile development culture and code review. Lead the demands of everyday life, efficiency projects, new products and evolution in the data processing platform. Use the data and analytical tools of Pismo to guide your decisions and provide valuable queries and insights to customers. Act as a mentor to accelerate the technical career growth of other team members. Lead projects and initiatives for the evolution of data engineering in Pismo and encourage team members to participate. Lead the organization of technical activities in the area. Provide effective feedback to the team's handicapped technicians. Moderate and effectively contribute to technical discussions. Ensure that data pipelines follow best testing, monitoring, observability and security practices. Be a guardian of the processes, following them rigorously and ensuring that data stakeholders also follow them. Lead the implementation and maintenance of development processes, ensuring that everyone understands the benefits and trade-offs involved, and adjusting them as needed to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the team. Lead production incident management processes, performing root cause analysis and contributing to solve problems. Minimum Qualifications Experience with SQL; Python Programming; Cloud Computing (AWS Preferably); Software Development; Experience with Spark and other Parallel Data Processing (MPP) tools in production; Experience with event processing and its sources (SQS, SNS, Kakfa, Kinesis, pubsub); Desirable experience with NoSQL Databases and Java/Scala/Golang; Advanced English (C1) Core Benefits Remote work Flexible hours Gympass Meal & Food vouchers Remote work financial support Life Insurance Medical and Dental Assistance Employee child care benefit: daycare Vidalink partnership Day off (Birthday) Support for studying languages 50% off AWS and GCP certifications Technologies that we apply in our day AWS Services; Data Processing: Spark, Flink; Python; Airflow; Relational databases (PostgreSQL and MySQL); Apply for this position Bookmark Report About the job Full-time Brazil 9 Applicants Posted 1Â week ago data engineering java nosql python sql Apply for this position Bookmark Report Data Engineering Specialist - Data Lake Pismo Summary Data Teams play a central role at Pismo, providing Data-Intensive Analytics for internal product teams. They also process and deliver TBs of high-quality data, mainly in Stream form, needed by our Partners to produce outstanding products downstream. Operating mainly in Brazil, the data team recently extended its scope to accelerate the Plataformization of data services globally, with representatives in Europe and soon to the US and Asia. We are looking for talented engineers who share our culture of trust, mutual responsibility, and technological excellence to be part of this unprecedented and diverse global Data Organisation. What you'll do Lead the implementation and optimization of data engineering solutions, guiding the team in choosing and adopting the most appropriate technologies for Pismo data stack. Develop innovative solutions in software and Technology architecture to evolve the data platform. Contribute to the dissemination of agile development culture and code review. Lead the demands of everyday life, efficiency projects, new products and evolution in the data processing platform. Use the data and analytical tools of Pismo to guide your decisions and provide valuable queries and insights to customers. Act as a mentor to accelerate the technical career growth of other team members. Lead projects and initiatives for the evolution of data engineering in Pismo and encourage team members to participate. Lead the organization of technical activities in the area. Provide effective feedback to the team's handicapped technicians. Moderate and effectively contribute to technical discussions. Ensure that data pipelines follow best testing, monitoring, observability and security practices. Be a guardian of the processes, following them rigorously and ensuring that data stakeholders also follow them. Lead the implementation and maintenance of development processes, ensuring that everyone understands the benefits and trade-offs involved, and adjusting them as needed to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the team. Lead production incident management processes, performing root cause analysis and contributing to solve problems. Minimum Qualifications Experience with SQL; Python Programming; Cloud Computing (AWS Preferably); Software Development; Experience with Spark and other Parallel Data Processing (MPP) tools in production; Experience with event processing and its sources (SQS, SNS, Kakfa, Kinesis, pubsub); Desirable experience with NoSQL Databases and Java/Scala/Golang; Advanced English (C1) Core Benefits Remote work Flexible hours Gympass Meal & Food vouchers Remote work financial support Life Insurance Medical and Dental Assistance Employee child care benefit: daycare Vidalink partnership Day off (Birthday) Support for studying languages 50% off AWS and GCP certifications Technologies that we apply in our day AWS Services; Data Processing: Spark, Flink; Python; Airflow; Relational databases (PostgreSQL and MySQL);