Senior Data Engineer Goodnotes Full-time Asia, Europe python big data sql aws cloud Apply for this position Our Values: Dream big —Be visionary, strategic, and open to innovation Build great things —Work in service of our users, always improving and pushing higher Take ownership —Take responsibility with bold decision-making and bias for action Win like a sports team —Be trusting and collaborative while empowering others Learn and grow fast —Never stop learning and iterate fast Share our passion —Share ideas and practice enthusiasm and joy Be user obsessed —Empathetic, inquisitive, practical About the team: Goodnotes is looking to transform education and productivity using the latest technologies. We are working on helping students and teachers learn and teach more efficiently, and aim to achieve this by developing tools such as AI tutors, Classroom AI and more foundational technologies like subject-oriented handwriting recognition. You will join a distributed team across Europe and Asia focusing specifically on building and owning infrastructure for the insights and analytics team. You will work alongside backend software engineers, as well as analytics engineers and data analysts, to build a robust suite of capabilities that can be used to turn raw data into trustworthy, available and actionable insights. About the role: We are seeking an experienced and passionate data engineer to help us build data and analytics infrastructure. This person will work on building the end-to-end data pipeline, utilizing engineering best practices. This is the role for you, if you’re excited to work on the things listed below: Build and maintain end-to-end data pipelines Design and build components within data pipelines for collecting production data Data engineering for efficient ingestion of data Helping the team build and maintain analytics and insights infrastructure Monitoring the production and setting up alerting mechanisms The skills you will need to be successful in the above: 7+ years of software engineering experience, notable part of it being in the data engineering space Expertise with designing and building data pipelines within the ETL and ELT paradigm Expertise in distributed systems, as well as different database systems and big data solutions Previous experience in designing, building and maintaining cloud infrastructure to support analytics operations Experience with working in Python, Spark and SQL Experience with some of the following tools: dbt, Airflow, Kafka, AWS Glue, delta lake Excellent problem-solving skills and ability to think critically Desire to work in a fast-paced, collaborative environment Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written Even if you don’t meet all the criteria listed above, we would still love to hear from you! Goodnotes places a lot of value on learning and development and will support your growth if needed. The interview process: An introductory call with someone from our talent acquisition team. They want to hear more about your background, what you are looking for, and why you’d like to join Goodnotes Take-home Assignment: A short online coding skills test. Technical interview: A technical call with one of our engineers. You will have the chance to ask any engineering questions you may have. Hiring Manager interview: A call with your hiring manager. This is the person who will be managing you day to day, working on your growth and development with you as well as support you throughout your career at Goodnotes. A meet the team call with 2 or 3 GoodPeople you’d be working closely with at Goodnotes What’s in it for you: Meaningful equity in a profitable tech startup Budget for things like noise-cancelling headphones, setting up your home office, personal development, professional training, and health & wellness Sponsored visits to our Hong Kong or London office every 2 years Company-wide annual offsite (we met in Portugal in 2023 and Bali in 2024) Flexible working hours and location Medical insurance for you and your dependents Apply for this position Bookmark Report About the job Full-time Asia, Europe 25 Applicants Posted 2 weeks ago python big data sql aws cloud Apply for this position Bookmark Report Senior Data Engineer Goodnotes Our Values: Dream big —Be visionary, strategic, and open to innovation Build great things —Work in service of our users, always improving and pushing higher Take ownership —Take responsibility with bold decision-making and bias for action Win like a sports team —Be trusting and collaborative while empowering others Learn and grow fast —Never stop learning and iterate fast Share our passion —Share ideas and practice enthusiasm and joy Be user obsessed —Empathetic, inquisitive, practical About the team: Goodnotes is looking to transform education and productivity using the latest technologies. We are working on helping students and teachers learn and teach more efficiently, and aim to achieve this by developing tools such as AI tutors, Classroom AI and more foundational technologies like subject-oriented handwriting recognition. You will join a distributed team across Europe and Asia focusing specifically on building and owning infrastructure for the insights and analytics team. You will work alongside backend software engineers, as well as analytics engineers and data analysts, to build a robust suite of capabilities that can be used to turn raw data into trustworthy, available and actionable insights. About the role: We are seeking an experienced and passionate data engineer to help us build data and analytics infrastructure. This person will work on building the end-to-end data pipeline, utilizing engineering best practices. This is the role for you, if you’re excited to work on the things listed below: Build and maintain end-to-end data pipelines Design and build components within data pipelines for collecting production data Data engineering for efficient ingestion of data Helping the team build and maintain analytics and insights infrastructure Monitoring the production and setting up alerting mechanisms The skills you will need to be successful in the above: 7+ years of software engineering experience, notable part of it being in the data engineering space Expertise with designing and building data pipelines within the ETL and ELT paradigm Expertise in distributed systems, as well as different database systems and big data solutions Previous experience in designing, building and maintaining cloud infrastructure to support analytics operations Experience with working in Python, Spark and SQL Experience with some of the following tools: dbt, Airflow, Kafka, AWS Glue, delta lake Excellent problem-solving skills and ability to think critically Desire to work in a fast-paced, collaborative environment Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written Even if you don’t meet all the criteria listed above, we would still love to hear from you! Goodnotes places a lot of value on learning and development and will support your growth if needed. The interview process: An introductory call with someone from our talent acquisition team. They want to hear more about your background, what you are looking for, and why you’d like to join Goodnotes Take-home Assignment: A short online coding skills test. Technical interview: A technical call with one of our engineers. You will have the chance to ask any engineering questions you may have. Hiring Manager interview: A call with your hiring manager. This is the person who will be managing you day to day, working on your growth and development with you as well as support you throughout your career at Goodnotes. A meet the team call with 2 or 3 GoodPeople you’d be working closely with at Goodnotes What’s in it for you: Meaningful equity in a profitable tech startup Budget for things like noise-cancelling headphones, setting up your home office, personal development, professional training, and health & wellness Sponsored visits to our Hong Kong or London office every 2 years Company-wide annual offsite (we met in Portugal in 2023 and Bali in 2024) Flexible working hours and location Medical insurance for you and your dependents