Job Opportunity : Data Engineer Rackspace Full-time India sql azure cloud security computer science Apply for this position Job Profile : Data Engineer III – IN Job Description Summary The Data engineer is responsible for managing and operating upon Azure Data Lake Storage, Databricks, Azure Data Factory, Synapse, Snowflake, Azure event hub, Tidal, Pyramid, Collibra, PowerBI, Tableau, MSTR, Alteryx. The engineer will work closely with the customer and team to manage and operate cloud data platform. Job Description · Provides Level 3 operational support covering: · Resolving pipeline issues / Proactive monitoring for sensitive batches / RCA and retrospection of issues · Create/update runbooks as needed / Entitlements · Configuration changes to batches and infrastructure (cloud platform) · Manually controlling the pipeline runs due to scheduled maintenance. · On-demand changes as based on steps given by the data engineering team. · Handle user requests – if the request is not runbook-based coordinate with the L3 team · DR testing – twice a year / Dev and Prod data sync / Weekly change board representation KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS/ABILITY: Good hands on Azure Data Lake Storage, Databricks, Azure Data Factory, Synapse, Snowflake, Azure event hub, Tidal, Pyramid, Collibra, PowerBI, Tableau, MSTR, Alteryx. Ability to read and write sql and stored procedures. Good hands on experience in configuring, managing and troubleshooting along with general analytical and problem solving skills. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to communicate technical info and ideas so others will understand. Ability to successfully work and promote inclusiveness in small groups. JOBCOMPLEXITY: This role requires extensive problem solving skills and the ability to research an issue, determine the root cause, and implement the resolution; research of various sources such as microsoft documentation that may be required to identify and resolve issues. Must have the ability to prioritize issues and multi-task. SUPERVISION: Works under moderate supervision. EXPERIENCE/EDUCATION: Requires a Bachelor’s degree in computer science or other related field plus 6+ years of hands-on experience in configuring and mangaing azure data analytics solution. Experience with Azure environment is desired. PHYSICAL DEMANDS: General office environment. No special physical demands required. Schedule flexibility to include working a weekend day regularly and holidays as required by the business for 24/7 operations. Occasional travel, less than 10%. POLICY COMPLIANCE: Responsible for adhering to company security policies and procedures and any other relevant policies and standards Apply for this position Bookmark Report About the job Full-time India 7 Applicants Posted 2 weeks ago sql azure cloud security computer science Apply for this position Bookmark Report Job Opportunity : Data Engineer Rackspace Job Profile : Data Engineer III – IN Job Description Summary The Data engineer is responsible for managing and operating upon Azure Data Lake Storage, Databricks, Azure Data Factory, Synapse, Snowflake, Azure event hub, Tidal, Pyramid, Collibra, PowerBI, Tableau, MSTR, Alteryx. The engineer will work closely with the customer and team to manage and operate cloud data platform. Job Description · Provides Level 3 operational support covering: · Resolving pipeline issues / Proactive monitoring for sensitive batches / RCA and retrospection of issues · Create/update runbooks as needed / Entitlements · Configuration changes to batches and infrastructure (cloud platform) · Manually controlling the pipeline runs due to scheduled maintenance. · On-demand changes as based on steps given by the data engineering team. · Handle user requests – if the request is not runbook-based coordinate with the L3 team · DR testing – twice a year / Dev and Prod data sync / Weekly change board representation KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS/ABILITY: Good hands on Azure Data Lake Storage, Databricks, Azure Data Factory, Synapse, Snowflake, Azure event hub, Tidal, Pyramid, Collibra, PowerBI, Tableau, MSTR, Alteryx. Ability to read and write sql and stored procedures. Good hands on experience in configuring, managing and troubleshooting along with general analytical and problem solving skills. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Ability to communicate technical info and ideas so others will understand. Ability to successfully work and promote inclusiveness in small groups. JOBCOMPLEXITY: This role requires extensive problem solving skills and the ability to research an issue, determine the root cause, and implement the resolution; research of various sources such as microsoft documentation that may be required to identify and resolve issues. Must have the ability to prioritize issues and multi-task. SUPERVISION: Works under moderate supervision. EXPERIENCE/EDUCATION: Requires a Bachelor’s degree in computer science or other related field plus 6+ years of hands-on experience in configuring and mangaing azure data analytics solution. Experience with Azure environment is desired. PHYSICAL DEMANDS: General office environment. No special physical demands required. Schedule flexibility to include working a weekend day regularly and holidays as required by the business for 24/7 operations. Occasional travel, less than 10%. POLICY COMPLIANCE: Responsible for adhering to company security policies and procedures and any other relevant policies and standards