Data Engineer Venafi Full-time USA $98k-$115k per year python sql scala iot cloud Apply for this position There are 2 actors on a network, people and machines. Just as usernames and passwords are used by people to access machines, machine identities are used by machines to identify and access each other. Venafi is the inventor of the technology that manages and protects machine identities, the most important security initiative in our Global 5000 customers. We are Warriors! Are you passionate about making a positive impact and protecting the world from cybercriminals? If so, you may be a natural Venafi Warrior! How you’ll be protecting the world: Venafi is looking for a Data Engineer who will report to the Sr. Director of Enterprise Analytics to support their Data as a Service mission. The Data Engineer is responsible for designing, and developing high-performance, resilient, automated data pipelines, and data transformations that feed our cloud-based Enterprise Data Platform. You will work with data analysts to design data integrations that meet organizational needs within our Snowflake data ecosystem. You are comfortable with BI work from the requirements phase through ETL, all the way through the presentation layer of BI. You will also implement and govern Data Management best practices and proactively recommend approaches and solutions. Strong problem-solving skills are needed with the ability to work across multiple projects at a time. The ideal Venafi Warrior will be armed with: Expert in programming languages like SQL, Python, Scala etc. Working experience with Snowflake - data modelling, ELT using Snowflake SQL, implementing complex stored Procedures and standard DWH and ETL concepts Expert knowledge of Snowflake concepts like Streams, Tasks, Snowpipes, Zero copy clone, time travel, query profiling, RBAC controls, virtual warehouse sizing and experience using these features Proven track record in designing complex scalable pipelines using Cloud supported ELT Tools. Take initiative; identify key requirements in dynamic environments Ability to communicate effectively and credibly with stakeholders and other team members Experience implementing Data warehouse, Data lakes in the cloud Ability to create & implement data engineering best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, documentation, build processes, automated testing, and operations. 5+ years of experience While you are busy protecting the world, we’ve got you covered! In addition to fostering a virtual first collaborative environment, Venafi offers a benefits package that is in the top 10%. Venafi pays 90% of the monthly premium for medical insurance and 100% of the monthly premium for dental, vision, life insurance, short and long-term disability, and accident insurance for both team members and their families. We offer an open time off policy and observe 12 holidays each year. We also offer a 401(k) with company matching, company HSA contribution, 2x salary employer-paid life insurance, parental leave, pet insurance, fertility, adoption and surrogacy benefits! More About Venafi: Venafi is the undisputed leader in Machine Identity Management. Why? Because we created the category and are light years ahead of anyone that would consider competing! Gartner has recognized Venafi as number one in our space and as it turns out, one is NOT the loneliest number! Venafi is the inventor of the technology that secures and protects machine identities. The Venafi platform provides visibility, intelligence, and automation for SSL/TLS, IoT, mobile, cloud native, Kubernetes, and SSH machine identity types. Many of the largest organizations in the world use Venafi. Billions of dollars have been spent protecting usernames and passwords and almost nothing managing machine identities—organizations are just now realizing that managing and protecting machine identities is as important as managing usernames and passwords. The bad guys know this and are using stolen or forged machine identities in their cyberattacks. In fact, Gartner says 50% of network attacks will use machine identities. Come help us protect the world! #LI-Remote #LI-HA The anticipated pay range for this position is $98,000 to $115,000. This is a general estimate for informational purposes only. The actual salary offered will be determined based on the candidate’s relevant qualifications, experience, and skills. *Upon review of the candidates and based on the objective factors listed above, this position may be filled at a higher or lower tier. Apply for this position Bookmark Report About the job Full-time USA $98k-$115k per year 7 Applicants Posted 2 weeks ago python sql scala iot cloud Apply for this position Bookmark Report Data Engineer Venafi There are 2 actors on a network, people and machines. Just as usernames and passwords are used by people to access machines, machine identities are used by machines to identify and access each other. Venafi is the inventor of the technology that manages and protects machine identities, the most important security initiative in our Global 5000 customers. We are Warriors! Are you passionate about making a positive impact and protecting the world from cybercriminals? If so, you may be a natural Venafi Warrior! How you’ll be protecting the world: Venafi is looking for a Data Engineer who will report to the Sr. Director of Enterprise Analytics to support their Data as a Service mission. The Data Engineer is responsible for designing, and developing high-performance, resilient, automated data pipelines, and data transformations that feed our cloud-based Enterprise Data Platform. You will work with data analysts to design data integrations that meet organizational needs within our Snowflake data ecosystem. You are comfortable with BI work from the requirements phase through ETL, all the way through the presentation layer of BI. You will also implement and govern Data Management best practices and proactively recommend approaches and solutions. Strong problem-solving skills are needed with the ability to work across multiple projects at a time. The ideal Venafi Warrior will be armed with: Expert in programming languages like SQL, Python, Scala etc. Working experience with Snowflake - data modelling, ELT using Snowflake SQL, implementing complex stored Procedures and standard DWH and ETL concepts Expert knowledge of Snowflake concepts like Streams, Tasks, Snowpipes, Zero copy clone, time travel, query profiling, RBAC controls, virtual warehouse sizing and experience using these features Proven track record in designing complex scalable pipelines using Cloud supported ELT Tools. Take initiative; identify key requirements in dynamic environments Ability to communicate effectively and credibly with stakeholders and other team members Experience implementing Data warehouse, Data lakes in the cloud Ability to create & implement data engineering best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, documentation, build processes, automated testing, and operations. 5+ years of experience While you are busy protecting the world, we’ve got you covered! In addition to fostering a virtual first collaborative environment, Venafi offers a benefits package that is in the top 10%. Venafi pays 90% of the monthly premium for medical insurance and 100% of the monthly premium for dental, vision, life insurance, short and long-term disability, and accident insurance for both team members and their families. We offer an open time off policy and observe 12 holidays each year. We also offer a 401(k) with company matching, company HSA contribution, 2x salary employer-paid life insurance, parental leave, pet insurance, fertility, adoption and surrogacy benefits! More About Venafi: Venafi is the undisputed leader in Machine Identity Management. Why? Because we created the category and are light years ahead of anyone that would consider competing! Gartner has recognized Venafi as number one in our space and as it turns out, one is NOT the loneliest number! Venafi is the inventor of the technology that secures and protects machine identities. The Venafi platform provides visibility, intelligence, and automation for SSL/TLS, IoT, mobile, cloud native, Kubernetes, and SSH machine identity types. Many of the largest organizations in the world use Venafi. Billions of dollars have been spent protecting usernames and passwords and almost nothing managing machine identities—organizations are just now realizing that managing and protecting machine identities is as important as managing usernames and passwords. The bad guys know this and are using stolen or forged machine identities in their cyberattacks. In fact, Gartner says 50% of network attacks will use machine identities. Come help us protect the world! #LI-Remote #LI-HA The anticipated pay range for this position is $98,000 to $115,000. This is a general estimate for informational purposes only. The actual salary offered will be determined based on the candidate’s relevant qualifications, experience, and skills. *Upon review of the candidates and based on the objective factors listed above, this position may be filled at a higher or lower tier.