Data Engineer Creative Financial Staffing Minneapolis, MN Apply Salary $100k - $130k posted 10 days ago Location Minneapolis, MN Description Data Engineer Hybrid| No sponsorship | Contract Overview: Create and optimize ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) processes using AWS services such as Glue, S3, Lambda and Data Pipelines. Develop scalable data architectures that support our microservice-based data ecosystem. Utilize Terraform for infrastructure as code (IaC) to set up and manage resources. Implement best practices in data modeling, ensuring efficient data structures. Use PySpark and Python scripting for data transformation and enrichment. Work with Glue crawlers to discover and catalog data sources. Build and maintain Lambda functions for serverless data processing. Leverage Glue jobs for data transformation and orchestration. Utilize Glue catalog for metadata management. Implement logging, monitoring, and alerting using AWS CloudWatch and other relevant tools. Work with Delta Lake and Databricks for advanced analytics and data processing. Query data stored in S3 data lakes using AWS Athena. Interface with business stakeholders to gather requirements and deliver complete reporting solutions. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure data consistency and accuracy. Qualifications: Proficiency in Python and PySpark. Familiarity with Terraform for infrastructure provisioning. Experience with Glue jobs, Lambda functions, and Glue crawlers. Knowledge of Delta Lake, Databricks, and S3 data lake storage. Benefits And Compensation: Compensation: $100,000 – $120,000 Competitive PTO Package Retirement: 401(k) plan with a match Medical: Individual and Family plans available #LI-KS4 #INMAY2024 #CBMAY2024 MaxSalary: USD130000 MinSalary: USD100000 About the Company Creative Financial Staffing CFS is a leading, employee-owned staffing firm—the largest one founded by CPA firms. With more than two decades of experience helping companies locate, attract and hire exceptional accounting, finance & IT professionals, CFS has unique resources to better understand hiring needs, attract higher-caliber candidates and assess candidate potential. Established in 1994, CFS today operates 30+ offices and has 200+ employees across the United States. Serving most major U.S. markets and beyond, CFS connects companies with candidates, from entry-level to executive level, temporary to direct hire and project support to interim management. Company Size 500 to 999 employees Industry Financial Services Founded 1994