Z Z Z Z Senior Informatica MDM Data Engineer Zurich Schaumburg, IL 60159 Apply posted 5 days ago Location Schaumburg, IL Description Zurich North America is seeking an experienced Senior MDM Data Engineer with Informatica SaaS expertise to join our Data & Analytics Engineering team. As a Senior MDM Developer, you will play a critical role in designing, implementing, and maintaining our Master Data Management (MDM) solutions using the Informatica SaaS platform. The Senior MDM Developer will work in a hybrid schedule out of our Schaumburg Headquarters. Join our dynamic Data & Analytics Engineering team and contribute to the development of cutting-edge MDM solutions using Informatica SaaS. Zurich North America offers a collaborative work environment, competitive compensation package, and opportunities for professional growth. Apply now to be part of our innovative team and make a difference in the world of data management. This is an exciting opportunity to contribute to the development of scalable MDM systems and drive data-driven decision-making across our organization. Responsibilities: Design, develop, and implement Master Data Management solutions using Informatica SaaS platform to meet business requirements and ensure data quality and integrity. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to gather MDM requirements and translate them into technical solutions leveraging Informatica MDM capabilities. Develop and maintain data integration interfaces with various source systems using IICS REST APIs, ensuring smooth and efficient data flow into the MDM system. Build and maintain MDM processes, workflows, and data models to support data governance and integration efforts. Perform data analysis and profiling tools to identify data quality issues and implement data cleansing and enrichment strategies. Collaborate with stakeholders to define and enforce data governance policies, standards, and best practices within the Informatica MDM environment. Provide technical guidance and mentorship to junior developers and team members on Informatica MDM best practices and development methodologies. Stay up to date with the latest Informatica MDM features and enhancements, evaluate their applicability to our MDM ecosystem, and recommend improvements to existing systems. Basic Qualifications: Bachelors Degree and 5 or more years of experience in the Data Management area OR High School Diploma or Equivalent and 7 or more years of experience in the Data Management area AND Experienced in data interrogation, data profiling or data modeling Preferred Qualifications: 5 or more years of experience in Master Data Management development, with a strong focus on Informatica IICS Hands-on experience with Informatica MDM SaaS platform, including configuration, customization, and development of MDM solutions. Strong understanding of IICS REST API and be able to configure requests, use the appropriate resources and methods, and work with applicable objects. Proficiency in Informatica Data Director, Informatica MDM Hub, and Informatica Cloud Data Integration. Solid understanding of MDM concepts, methodologies, and best practices. Strong SQL skills and experience with scripting languages (e.g., Python, PowerShell) for data manipulation and automation. Familiarity with data governance principles and their application within an Informatica MDM environment. Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills with the ability to analyze complex data-related issues. Effective communication and interpersonal skills to collaborate with cross-functional teams and stakeholders. Experience with Informatica IICS and its cloud-based components, including Master Data Management Cloud, Integration Cloud, Data Quality & Governance Cloud, and Data Security Cloud. Knowledge of cloud-based MDM solutions and integration with cloud platforms (e.g., Azure, AWS). Familiarity with data privacy regulations (e.g., GDPR, CCPA) and their impact on MDM. Previous experience in the insurance or financial services industry. As a condition of employment at Zurich, employees must adhere to any COVID-related health and safety protocols in place at that time (https://www.zurichna.com/careers/faq). A future with Zurich. What can go right when you apply at Zurich? Now is the time to move forward and make a difference. At Zurich, we want you to share your unique perspectives, experiences and ideas so we can grow and drive sustainable change together. As part of a leading global organization, Zurich North America has over 150 years of experience managing risk and supporting resilience. Today, Zurich North America is a leading provider of commercial property-casualty insurance solutions and a wide range of risk management products and services for businesses and individuals. We serve more than 25 industries, from agriculture to technology, and we insure 90% of the Fortune 500®. Our growth strategy is not limited to our business. As an employer, we strive to provide ongoing career development opportunities, and we foster an environment where voices are diverse, behaviors are inclusive, actions drive equity, and our people feel a sense of belonging. Be a part of the next evolution of the insurance industry. Join us in building a brighter future for our colleagues, our customers and the communities we serve. Zurich maintains a comprehensive employee benefits package for employees as well as eligible dependents and competitive compensation. Please click here to learn more. As a global company, Zurich recognizes the diversity of our workforce as an asset. We recruit talented people from a variety of backgrounds with unique perspectives that are truly welcome here. Taken together, diversity and inclusion bring us closer to our common goal: exceeding our customers’ expectations. Zurich does not discriminate on the basis of age, race, ethnicity, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any other legally protected status. EOE disability/vet Zurich does not accept unsolicited resumes from search firms or employment agencies. Any unsolicited resume will become the property of Zurich American Insurance. If you are a preferred vendor, please use our Recruiting Agency Portal for resume submission. Location(s): AM - Schaumburg Remote Working: Hybrid Schedule: Full Time Employment Sponsorship Offered: Yes Linkedin Recruiter Tag: #LI-MG1 #LI-ASSOCIATE