G G G G Founding Data Engineer (Senior role) Gearsupply Cincinnati, OH Apply Salary 135k - 200k Job Type Full-time, Employee posted 20 days ago Location Cincinnati, OH Description Job description Are you ready for a new challenge? Ignite your passion for AV gear--join our Engineering team! (No AV experience required--we will teach you all you need to know!) Do you thrive in a fast-paced environment and get a kick out of building relationships and exceeding targets? Then Gearsupply might just be your dream stage! We're on a mission to revolutionize the way people buy and sell used AV gear. We're a passionate team of Geargurus building a thriving marketplace that connects professionals with the gear they need to bring their creative visions to life. Apply Today! Key Responsibilities Data Pipeline Development: Design, build, and maintain efficient data pipelines to collect, process, and analyze large datasets. Data Collection Automation: Develop tools to extract, transform, and load (ETL) key data points from a number of internal and external resources. Database Management: Design and manage extensive databases using MongoDB, PostgreSQL, SQL & more ensuring optimal performance and scalability. Data Modeling: Create and maintain data models to support analytical and reporting requirements. Reporting: Develop comprehensive reports and dashboards to visualize data insights and support decision-making processes. Statistics: Apply statistical methods to analyze data and provide actionable insights. Collaboration: Work closely with cross-functional teams, including data scientists, analysts, and software engineers, to understand data requirements and deliver effective solutions. Financial Modeling (Plus): Utilize financial modeling techniques to support the development and enhancement of financial products and services. Skills, Knowledge and Expertise Education: Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Data Science, Statistics, or a significant senior experience in a related field. Experience: 3+ years of experience as a Data Engineer or in a similar role. Proven experience in building and maintaining data pipelines. Proficiency in modern database tools and infrastructures. Strong knowledge of data modeling and reporting tools. Solid background in statistics and data analysis. Experience with financial models and modeling is a plus. Skills: Advanced programming skills in Python, Node.js, or similar languages. Experience with cloud platforms (e.g., AWS, Google Cloud, Azure) is desirable. Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills. Strong communication and teamwork abilities. Experience using LLMs for data cleaning, analysis, merging, and more. Experience building APIs Benefits The sky's the limit: As a founding member of our Engineering team, there's no cap on your potential for growth. Competitive base salary. Comprehensive benefits package, including health, dental, and vision insurance (available day one), and paid time off. Opportunity to work with a passionate and dynamic team at the forefront of the used professional A/V market. Career growth potential in a rapidly expanding company with a strong commitment to employee development. Vibrant workplace in the heart of Cincinnati's Over-the-Rhine district, minutes from Findlay Market. Be part of an award-winning culture recognized for its excellence & growth: Purpose Job's "Companies with the Best Culture" 2023 & 2024 Cincinnati Business Courier's Fast 55 Finalist 2023 & 2024 Cincinnati Business Courier's Best Places to Work Cincinnati Business Courier's Top 24 Start-Ups to Watch