F F F F Senior Data Engineer Formation Bio New York City, NY Apply posted Today Location New York City, NY Description About Formation Bio At Formation Bio, we are building the pharma company of the future , redefining drug development with our proprietary, tech-driven platform, focused on bringing new treatments to patients faster and more efficiently . At Formation Bio we license clinical stage drug assets and develop them in-house using our proprietary, technology-driven platform. Over the past few years, we have been able to significantly expedite the drug development process, evidenced by our acceleration of over 300 clinical trials and reducing trial durations by up to 50%. This innovation translates to getting life-saving drugs to market 1-3 years faster, where we specialize in partnering with and nurturing in-house clinical-stage drugs. Our diverse team of experts come from across multiple industries, combining the best of tech and pharma talent. Join our culture of innovation where your work directly contributes to transforming patient care in areas such as rheumatology, dermatology, CNS, and cardiometabolic diseases. Our dynamic environment blends advanced technology with strategic drug development, speeding up the delivery of new treatments. Here, every role plays a part in our mission to bring new treatments to patients faster and more efficiently. About the Position As a Senior Data Engineer you will be a major contributor to the tech future for Formation Bio as we expand into an AI enabled world. You would be responsible for contributing to our fundamental Data Infrastructure by building data pipelines, integrations, and tools that are used by in-house experts, leveraging traditional automation, cutting edge LLM integrations, and everything in between. In this role, you will collaborate closely with engineers, product managers, and domain experts in the drug development field to design, build, and implement systems that will significantly enhance the capacity of teams to make strategic and operational drug development decisions swiftly and effectively. This position is ideal for the delivery-focused engineer who is passionate about leveraging technology for meaningful and impactful applications. Your expertise in software development will be instrumental in driving Formation Bio’s mission to bring new treatments to patients faster and more efficiently. Responsibilities Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including product managers and domain experts, to discover, build, and iterate on innovative features and products. Ensure the scalability, security, and performance of our data platform and pipelines. Rapidly develop and iterate on proofs-of-concept to test new ideas and hypotheses to efficiently validate and evolve our software solutions in alignment with strategic objectives in drug development. Stay abreast of emerging trends and advancements in data engineering, and software development to continually enhance our product offerings. Act as an internal evangelist for use of data and best practices with the organization, providing expert guidance and insights to other teams within the organization. About You Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field, or equivalent experience. Minimum of 5 years of experience in data engineering in Python, with a demonstrated ability to thrive in ambiguous and rapidly-changing environments, with a proven track record of contributing significantly to the successful launch and scaling of new and innovative products, especially in a 0-1 setting. Deep understanding of complex data, data curation and data quality, such as traceability, security, performance latency and correctness across supply and demand processes. Exceptional collaboration and communication skills to effectively engage and work along stakeholders from diverse disciplines and varying levels of technical expertise. Ideally, adept at translating complex technical concepts into clear, actionable insights for all audiences. Experience with Infrastructure as Code (IaC) using modern tools such as Terraform or Cloud Formation and the full end-to-end process of modern software deployment (e.g., containerization, CI/CD). Experience in the pharmaceutical or biotech industry is a plus, but not required. Experience with AI technologies, particularly in LLMs and machine learning is a plus, but not required. Experience with vector storage is a plus but not required. We offer competitive compensation because we want to hire the best people and reward them for their contributions to our mission. We pay all employees competitively relative to the New York City market, regardless of their location. In compliance with NYC’s pay transparency law and in pursuit of pay equity and fairness, we publish salary ranges for all open roles at Formation Bio. The target salary range for this role is $175,000 - $230,000. On top of base salary, we also offer equity, generous perks, location flexibility, and comprehensive benefits – learn more about them and our compensation philosophy here. If this range doesn’t match your expectations, please still apply because we may have something else for you. #LI-hybrid You will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status.