D D D D Data Engineer Daiichi Sankyo Basking Ridge, NJ Apply posted 15 days ago Location Basking Ridge, NJ Description Join a Legacy of Innovation 110 Years and Counting! Daiichi Sankyo Group is dedicated to the creation and supply of innovative pharmaceutical therapies to improve standards of care and address diversified, unmet medical needs of people globally by leveraging our world-class science and technology. With more than 120 years of scientific expertise and a presence in more than 20 countries, Daiichi Sankyo and its 16,000 employees around the world draw upon a rich legacy of innovation and a robust pipeline of promising new medicines to help people. In addition to a strong portfolio of medicines for cardiovascular diseases, under the Group’s 2025 Vision to become a “Global Pharma Innovator with Competitive Advantage in Oncology,” Daiichi Sankyo is primarily focused on providing novel therapies in oncology, as well as other research areas centered around rare diseases and immune disorders. Job Summary: Data Engineer will partner with business stakeholders and decision makers to develop solutions to support their analytical needs and business insights. This role will be responsible for designing, developing, and maintaining our company's data architecture, data pipelines, and infrastructure to ensure the effective management, analysis, and utilization of data. This role will collaborate with IT, sourcing partners, data stewards, and business to ensure data integrity, and data security in accordance with business requirements and provide technical and data subject matter expertise where required. Responsibilities - Develop and maintain our company's data infrastructure architecture, including data warehouses and data lakes, to support efficient and effective data management and analysis. Build and maintain robust, scalable, and high-performance data pipelines to extract, transform, and load data from various sources into our data platforms. - Develop, manage, and be accountable for the onboarding of new data source, data blending and integration of multiple data sources, building new reports and dashboards, enhancements of existing processes supporting both Commercial and RD functions. Responsible for managing quality of the deliverables - Serve as point of contact for implementation of complex data projects and development of data management technologies. Provide technical expertise and subject matter expertise. Provide risk analysis, business and technical assessment of requests in relation to data platforms. - Continuously evaluate new data technologies, tools, and platforms to improve data processing, storage, and analysis capabilities. Optimize and tune data infrastructure and systems for performance, reliability, and scalability. - Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including data analysts, data scientists, data stewards and software engineers to ensure data quality, integrity, accuracy, consistency and security across systems and applications. Qualifications: Successful candidates will be able to meet the qualifications below with or without a reasonable accommodation. Education Qualifications (from an accredited college or university) - Bachelor's Degree Bachelor's degree in fields such as Computer Science or Information Technology required Experience Qualifications - 4 or More Years 4 or More Years of hands-on experience in applications development, Business Intelligence, and advanced analytics with emphasis on Microsoft Azure suite required - 4 or More Years 4 or more years of hands-on experience with enterprise data warehouse solutions including integration of complex data sources for the deployment of decision support systems required - 1 or More Years Experience with commercial pharmaceutical / business information, Supply Chain, Finance and HR preferred - 1 or More Years Experience with Clinical Trials Data, Genomics and Bio Marker Data, Real World Data, Discovery Data etc. preferred - 1 or More Years Familiarity with and understanding of key industry best practices in regulated “GXP” environment preferred - Ability to travel up to 5% Daiichi Sankyo, Inc. is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law.