Data Engineer Amgen Tampa, FL Apply posted 22 days ago Location Tampa, FL Description HOW MIGHT YOU DEFY IMAGINATION? Youve worked hard to become the professional you are today and are now ready to take the next step in your career. How will you put your skills, experience and passion to work toward your goals? At Amgen, our shared missionto serve patientsdrives all that we do. It is key to our becoming one of the worlds leading biotechnology companies, reaching over 10 million patients worldwide. Come do your best work alongside other innovative, driven professionals in this meaningful role. Data Engineer Live What you will do Lets do this. Lets change the world. In this vital role you will be part of the established technical/engineering team, develop web UI interface, plus data flow pipelines to extract, transform, and load data from various data sources in various data format to enterprise data lake and data warehouse system in three regions in AWS. Provide data analytics and predictive analysis to business users. Be a key team member assisting in design and development of the data pipeline for Global Data and Analytics team Collaborate with Data Architects, Business SMEs, and Data Scientists to design and develop end-to-end data pipeline to meet fast paced business need across geographic regions Serve as system admin to manage AWS and Databricks platform; Adhere to best practices for coding, testing and designing reusable code/component Able to explore new tools, technologies that will help to improve ETL platform performance and machine learning operations Participate in sprint planning meetings and provide estimations on technical implementation; Collaborate and communicate effectively with the product teams Win What we expect of you We are all different, yet we all use our unique contributions to serve patients. The professional we seek will have these qualifications. Basic Qualifications: Masters Degree OR Bachelors degree with 2 years Data Engineering and/or and Software Engineering experience Or Associates degree 6 years of Data Engineering and/or Software Engineering experience Or High school diploma and 8 years of Data Engineering and/or Software Engineering experience Preferred Qualifications: Familiar with PySpark dataframe and data processing libraries, machine learning frameworks (like Tensorflow, Keras or PyTorch), and other machine learning libraries Familiar with machine learning operations Experience with software development (Java, Python preferred), end-to-end system design Experience with data modeling for both OLAP and OLTP databases, hands-on experience with SQL, preferred Oracle, PostgreSQL, and Hive SQL; SQL performance tuning Experience with web development, java script, html, CSS, any web framework or microservice architecture Experience with software DevOps CI/CD tools, such Git, Jenkins Experience on AWS, familiar with EC2, S3, Redshift/Spectrum, Glue, Athena, RDS, Lambda, DynamoDB, and API gateway Experience with docker container, Kubernetes container orchestration Experience with Apache Airflow and Apache Spark; Spark performance turning Experience with Tableau Dashboard and Tableau Server Experience with Pharmaceutical industry, commercial operations Ability to learn quickly, be organized and detail oriented Thrive What you can expect of us As we work to develop treatments that take care of others, we also work to care for our teammates professional and personal growth and well-being. The expected annual salary range for this role in the U.S. (excluding Puerto Rico) is posted. Actual salary will vary based on several factors including but not limited to, relevant skills, experience, and qualifications. Amgen offers a Total Rewards Plan comprising health and welfare plans for staff and eligible dependents, financial plans with opportunities to save towards retirement or other goals, work/life balance, and career development opportunities including: Comprehensive employee benefits package, including a Retirement and Savings Plan with generous company contributions, group medical, dental and vision coverage, life and disability insurance, and flexible spending accounts. A discretionary annual bonus program, or for field sales representatives, a sales-based incentive plan Stock-based long-term incentives Award-winning time-off plans and bi-annual company-wide shutdowns Flexible work models, including remote work arrangements, where possible Apply now for a career that defies imagination Objects in your future are closer than they appear. Join us. careers.amgen.com Amgen is an Equal Opportunity employer and will consider you without regard to your race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. We will ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation. About the Company Amgen At Amgen, we believe in a “biology first” approach. We use cutting-edge science and technology to study the subtlest biological mechanisms in search of therapies that will improve the lives of those who suffer from serious diseases. Amgen believes the cure for disease can be found inside each and every one of us. Company Size 10,000 employees or more Industry Biotechnology/Pharmaceuticals