Senior Data Engineer Uline Lake Forest, IL Apply posted 14 days ago Location Lake Forest, IL Description Senior Data Engineer 2200 S. Lakeside Drive, Waukegan, IL 60085 Fuel the future of data engineering and analytics for our growing North American company! As a Senior Data Engineer at Uline, you’ll play a pivotal role in constructing and maintaining our new, cutting-edge data collection systems and analytics platform. Better together! This position is on-site at our Waukegan, IL location, and we are looking for people who share our passion. Position Responsibilities Collaborate with business customers to design and develop enterprise and departmental business intelligence and data warehousing backend solutions. Engage with project leads, business analysts, end-users and third-party contacts to design, implement and test data warehouse applications. Design and implement intricate data engineering processes to support business analytics and reporting. Develop and execute unit, system, performance, and regression testing on data integration mappings. Create Source to Target Mapping Specifications for data integration development. Uphold established coding standards, perform code reviews, and improve standards to assure compliance. Minimum Requirements Bachelor's degree in information technology or related field. 8+ years in data engineering. 5+ years of experience designing and implementing data integration framework using Informatica PowerCenter or equivalent Microsoft BI technology. Hands-on experience writing complex T-SQL and database performance tuning. Strong troubleshooting skills to identify data issues and resolutions. Experience in multiple database platforms including SQL Server, Oracle and DB2. Benefits Complete medical, dental, vision and life insurance coverage, Flexible Spending Accounts and wellness programs. 401(k) with 6% employer match. Paid holidays and generous paid time off. Tuition Assistance Program that covers professional continuing education. Bonus programs that include annual performance, sales goals and profit sharing. Employee Perks On-site café featuring affordable daily meal options from local restaurants. Fitness center and walking paths. Best-in-class, clean, modern facilities. About Uline Uline is North America's leading distributor of shipping, industrial and packaging materials. We're a family-owned company known for incredible service, quality products and same-day shipping of our huge in-stock inventory. With over 9,000 employees across 13 locations, it's time you joined Uline. Uline is proud to operate as a drug-free workplace . EEO/AA Employer/Vet/Disabled #LI-MW2 #CORP (#IN-PPIT) Our employees make the difference and we are committed to offering exceptional benefits and perks! Explore Uline.jobs to learn more! About the Company Uline In 1980, Liz and Dick Uihlein recognized a local need for a shipping supply distributor and started Uline from their basement. Their first product was the H-101 carton sizer (still offered today). From those humble beginnings, the business has grown far beyond their expectations, while still remaining a family-owned and run company. Uline is now North America's leading distributor of shipping, packaging and industrial supplies with over 1,650 box sizes in stock. Product lines have expanded to include retail, safety, material handling and janitorial items. Uline's 812-page catalog reaches businesses nationwide, offering 37,500 products always in stock for quick delivery. With over 6,500 employees in North America, Uline has distribution centers near Chicago, IL; Minneapolis, MN; Allentown, PA; Los Angeles, CA; Atlanta, GA; Dallas, TX and Seattle, WA, as well as international locations near Toronto and Edmonton, Canada and in Mexicali and Monterrey, Mexico. Uline is a drug-free workplace. Company Size 5,000 to 9,999 employees Industry Business Services - Other Founded 1980