T T T T Data Engineer - R&D Informatics Terray Therapeutics Monrovia, CA Apply posted 8 days ago Location Monrovia, CA Description Company Overview Terray is a biotechnology company with the technology, data, and mindset to radically change the way we discover and develop small molecule therapeutics. We explore molecules and targets broadly and deeply with a sophisticated integration of ultra-high throughput experimentation, generative AI, biology, medicinal chemistry, automation, and nanotechnology. Everything the company does is grounded in an iterative approach, producing massive amounts of precise, purpose-built data mapping interactions between small molecules and causes of disease that gets increasingly valuable with each cycle of design and experimentation. The company’s platform uniquely blends experimentation and computation to improve the cost, speed, and success rate of small molecule drug discovery and development. Position Summary Terray Therapeutics is seeking a motivated, creative, and experienced Data Engineer with a focus on relational database management, data state management, and data vigilance. As an integral member of the Computational and Data Sciences Team, the candidate will be responsible for developing and maintaining RDS architecture powering the Laboratory Information Management (LIMS) capabilities of Terray’s wet-lab and computational discovery platforms. The candidate will have experience with relational database management across a variety of systems including MySQL, PostgreSQL, and have a strong command of advanced SQL functions. Proficiency in Python scripting and automated ETL pipeline development integrating LIMS platforms, internal databases, and wet-lab automation will be a key component of this role. The position will report to the Research Informatics Manager. Core responsibilities of this position include: Design, configure, optimize, and maintain database schemas and collaborate to implement data migration solutions. Design and implement new dashboards and user interfaces to help our wet-lab and computational scientists’ access and analyze their data. Design, develop, test, and maintain informatics infrastructure (data pipelines, storage, processing) that supports downstream data-driven applications and stakeholders. Work with both wet-lab and computational scientists to design and develop connections to our informatics systems API and database. Manage, improve, and customize our research informatics platforms Experience and Qualifications Part of Terray Therapeutics’ success is nurtured by a hands-on work environment where everyone is accountable, everyone is vested in a vision of excellence, and everyone actively takes part in the success of the business. Terray Therapeutics supports a positive work environment comprised of engaged employees who feel appreciated, recognized, and free to be creative. A mindset for continuous learning, strong communication and problem-solving skills will be required for effective cross-functional collaboration with Automation, Computational Data Science and Scientific teams, including Platform Chemistry, Medicinal Chemistry, and pre-clinical Biology. Qualifications include: BS/MS/PhD in Computer Science or related Life Science discipline and 4+ years industry experience Highly proficient in SQL and interfacing with databases in code Significant experience in relational and non-relational database design Experience building out data platforms Proficiency in Python, Java, or Scala Familiarity with Snowflake, AWS cloud resources and API design Familiarity with containerization tools such as Docker and Kubernetes Knowledge of coding best practices, including standards, reviews, version control, and unit testing Excellent communication skills and demonstrated experience working with cross-functional teams Knowledge of general biotech wet-lab operations (direct or indirect) and LIMS platforms such as Benchling, Signals Notebook, and Hamilton Instinct Chromatography Data System experience and database administration is a plus. She/he/they will exhibit the ability to work well under pressure to provide results in a short timeframe. The company is looking for a highly responsive, goal-oriented individual who will bring significant energy and drive to solve complex technical problems and help us achieve our mission to advance human health. Compensation Details $132,000 - $198,000 (annually) depending on seniority; participation in the Company's option plan; 3% 401K contribution; full benefits.