T T T T Senior Data Engineer The Friedkin Group Houston, TX 77084 Apply posted 3 days ago Location Houston, TX Description LIVING OUR VALUES All associates are guided by Our Values. Our Values are the unifying foundation of our companies. We strive to ensure that every decision we make and every action we take demonstrates Our Values. We believe that putting Our Values into practice creates lasting benefits for all of our associates, shareholders, and the communities in which we live. JOB SUMMARY As a Sr. Data Engineer within the Trailblazer initiative, you will play a crucial role in architecting, implementing, and managing robust, scalable data infrastructure. This position demands a blend of systems engineering, data integration, and data analytics skills to enhance TFG’s data capabilities, supporting advanced analytics, machine learning projects, and real-time data processing needs. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Design and implement scalable and reliable data pipelines to ingest, process, and store diverse data at scale, using technologies such as Apache Spark, Hadoop, and Kafka. Work within cloud environments like AWS or Azure to leverage services including but not limited to EC2, RDS, S3, Lambda, and Azure Data Lake for efficient data handling and processing. Develop and optimize data models and storage solutions (SQL, NoSQL, Data Lakes) to support operational and analytical applications, ensuring data quality and accessibility. Utilize ETL tools and frameworks (e.g., Apache Airflow, Talend) to automate data workflows, ensuring efficient data integration and timely availability of data for analytics. Collaborate closely with data scientists, providing the data infrastructure and tools needed for complex analytical models, leveraging Python or R for data processing scripts. Ensure compliance with data governance and security policies, implementing best practices in data encryption, masking, and access controls within a cloud environment. Monitor and troubleshoot data pipelines and databases for performance issues, applying tuning techniques to optimize data access and throughput. Stay abreast of emerging technologies and methodologies in data engineering, advocating for and implementing improvements to the data ecosystem. QUALIFICATIONS Bachelor's degree in computer science, MIS, or other business discipline or equivalent combination of education and/or experience. 8+ years of experience in data engineering, with a proven track record in designing and operating large-scale data pipelines and architectures. Expertise in developing ETL/ELT workflows. Comprehensive knowledge of platforms and services like Databricks, Dataiku, and AWS native data offerings Solid experience with big data technologies (Apache Spark, Hadoop, Kafka) and cloud services (AWS, Azure) related to data processing and storage. Strong experience in AWS and Azure cloud services, with hands-on experience in integrating cloud storage and compute services with Databricks. Proficient in SQL and programming languages relevant to data engineering (Python, Java, Scala). Hands on RDBMS experience (data modeling, analysis, programming, stored procedures) Familiarity with machine learning model deployment and management practices is a plus. Strong communication skills, capable of collaborating effectively across technical and non-technical teams. CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS* Preferred: Databricks Certified Associate Developer for Apache Spark, AWS Certified Solutions Architect, Azure Data Engineer Associate, or other relevant certifications. PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS The physical requirements described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of the job. While performing the duties of the job, the associate is required daily to analyze and interpret data, communicate, and remain in a stationary position for a significant amount of the workday; and frequently access, input, and retrieve information from the computer and other office productivity devices. The associate is regularly required to move about the office and around the corporate campus. The associate is occasionally required to travel to other sites, including out-of-state, where applicable, for business. The associate must frequently move up to 10 pounds and occasionally move up to 25 pounds. WORK ENVIRONMENT The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those associate encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. While the job is generally performed in an office environment, the associate is occasionally exposed to wet and/or humid conditions, areas in which moving mechanical parts, fumes, toxic or caustic chemicals are present, and outside weather conditions. The noise level in the office environment is typically quiet, but the associate may be occasionally exposed to loud noise levels. TRAVEL REQUIRED Minimal travel is required for this position (up to 20% of the time and on a domestic basis). The Friedkin Group and its affiliates are equal opportunity employers and maintain drug-free workplaces by conducting pre-employment drug testing. TOTAL REWARDS Our Total Rewards package is an integral part of how we recognize our associates’ contributions as well as attract, retain and reward the most qualified employees. We are committed to providing a fair and competitive compensation structure that includes base pay and performance based rewards, where applicable. Compensation is based on various factors including, but not limited to, skill set, experience, qualifications and job-related requirements. Our benefits include medical, dental, and vision along with wellness programs, retirement plans, paid leave and much more! To learn more about these programs and many more, take a tour of our Benefits Page We are seeking candidates who are legally authorized to work in the United States, without Sponsorship. #HP125 #LI-BM1