T T T T Lead Data Engineer, US RDBU Takeda Boston, MA Apply posted 22 days ago Location Boston, MA Description By clicking the “Apply” button, I understand that my employment application process with Takeda will commence and that the information I provide in my application will be processed in line with Takeda’sPrivacy Noticeand Terms of Use. I further attest that all information I submit in my employment application is true to the best of my knowledge. Job Description Lead Data Engineer, US RDBU Takeda Pharmaceutical USA - MA - Cambridge About the role: At Takeda, we share the belief that the speed of change will never be as fast as it is today. Takeda is uniquely positioned to participate in digital disruption rather than simply react. If you are passionate about helping organizations transform and build innovative capabilities, this is an exciting opportunity to be on the front line of a major transformational effort with business sponsorship. Join Takeda as a Lead Data Engineer RDBU where you will help shape and implement the vision across US stakeholders leveraging innovative data, digital, and technology solutions to support the Rare Disease Business Unit. Guided by modern, cloud-based technologies and applying best practices, they will closely collaborate with the DD&T and the RDBU I&A teams to deliver and maintain effective solutions and help drive adoption . As part of the USBU DD&T team you will report to Data Products and Services Lead and work with key stakeholders. How you will contribute: Partner closely with stakeholders in the RDBU to build a solid business acumen and develop a material understanding of the respective business strategy. Co-develop the RDBU data product strategy in close collaboration with stakeholders and leadership. Develop and own realistic, achievable product roadmaps. Analyze business requirements, evaluate solution options, and facilitate business reviews Develop and maintain pipelines that meet business needs, adhere to Takeda standards, and incorporate best practices exploiting the benefits of cloud-nativity. Lead technical solution reviews with stakeholders. Directly support or coordinate with the help of DD&T SMEs complex data challenges to find fit-for-purpose solutions. Take full accountability for RDBU specific data products and help plan, mature, and support such including for development and ongoing operation of KPI’s for quality and availability. Work with DevOps teams to operationalize data products and help in troubleshooting when needed. Co-design and proactively mature effective and modern data architectures (conceptual, logical, and physical models) within Takeda’s USBU and Global data ecosystem. Lead and/or participate in the evaluation, implementation and deployment of emerging tools and processes including but not limited to analytics, data engineering, data quality, data governance, AI and GenAI. Minimum Requirements/Qualifications: Required Undergraduate degree in a technical field such as computer science, data analytics or data engineering Development experience using Jupiter Notebooks, Databricks, Spark, Redshift, and ML technologies, i.e. Sagemaker Prior experience with Data Ingestion and Data Wrangling/Integration Prior experience leading Data Engineering projects and teams at an Enterprise level is required Experience with agile ways of working Expertise in SQL and data analysis and experience with at least one programming language, preferably Python Expertise in Tableau Experience with AWS and key key services, i.e. lambda, S3, Glue, IAM roles, EC2 etc. Strong knowledge of Redshift, Informatica, and/or Databricks highly preferred Seasoned developer or technical lead with strong curiousity for newest technologies and trends Experience with data formats including Parquet, Delta, and JSON. Preferred Master in Computer Science Budget Management experience Prior pharmaceutical or biotech data and analytics experiences with familiarity of commercial data sets and processes Additional Languages: R, Javascript Understanding of additional AWS services (i.e. Glue, Athena, etc.) Experience with any of the following Frameworks: Spring, Django, R Shiny, Tensorflow, MXNet Understanding or Application of Machine Learning and / or Deep Learning Experience in a scientific environment. More about us: At Takeda, we are transforming patient care through the development of novel specialty pharmaceuticals and best in class patient support programs. Takeda is a patient-focused company that will inspire and empower you to grow through life-changing work. Certified as a Global Top Employer, Takeda offers stimulating careers, encourages innovation, and strives for excellence in everything we do. We foster an inclusive, collaborative workplace, in which our teams are united by an unwavering commitment to deliver Better Health and a Brighter Future to people around the world. This position is currently classified as "hybrid" in accordance with Takeda's Hybrid and Remote Work policy. Takeda Compensation and Benefits Summary We understand compensation is an important factor as you consider the next step in your career. We are committed to equitable pay for all employees, and we strive to be more transparent with our pay practices. For Location: Boston, MA U.S. Base Salary Range: $133,000.00 - $209,000.00 The estimated salary range reflects an anticipated range for this position. The actual base salary offered may depend on a variety of factors, including the qualifications of the individual applicant for the position, years of relevant experience, specific and unique skills, level of education attained, certifications or other professional licenses held, and the location in which the applicant lives and/or from which they will be performing the job.The actual base salary offered will be in accordance with state or local minimum wage requirements for the job location. U.S. based employees may be eligible for short-term and/or long-termincentives. U.S.based employees may be eligible to participate in medical, dental, vision insurance, a 401(k) plan and company match, short-term and long-term disability coverage, basic life insurance, a tuition reimbursement program, paid volunteer time off, company holidays, and well-being benefits, among others. U.S.based employees are also eligible to receive, per calendar year, up to 80 hours of sick time, and new hires are eligible to accrue up to 120 hours of paid vacation. EEO Statement Takeda is proud in its commitment to creating a diverse workforce and providing equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, parental status, national origin, age, disability, citizenship status, genetic information or characteristics, marital status, status as a Vietnam era veteran, special disabled veteran, or other protected veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws, and any other characteristic protected by law. Locations Boston, MA Worker Type Employee Worker Sub-Type Regular Time Type Full time