E E E E Senior Data Engineer Epsilon Dallas, TX 75313 Apply posted 3 days ago Location Dallas, TX Description Job Description About Epsilon PeopleCloud Discovery Epsilon PeopleCloud Discovery empowers users with a deep understanding of millions of people-on a marketing platform that unites audience insights, segmentation, creative analysis, media planning and digital activation. It includes a consistent, transparent, best-in-class approach to data, analytics solutions, partnerships and technology via a closely joined network of engineers, technology experts, product designers, analysts and data scientists all empowering marketing and digital business transformation. Role: A Senior Data Engineer will use his or her hands-on expertise in Spark/Hadoop, Scala programming, Linux scripting, AWS, DevOps and API technologies to expand and optimize architecture, data flows, infrastructure, APIs and data pipelines to support the Epsilon PeopleCloud Discovery Platform. Successful candidates will take ownership of developing, maintaining, debugging large-scale real-time data workflows and enforcing best practices across various coding projects. He or she will work across functional teams and collaborate very closely with the VP of Data Engineering to plan, develop and deploy features. Additionally, the right candidate will be passionate about learning new things, curious about handling large data sets and be proactive about finding, communicating, and troubleshooting any issues that may come up in daily data processing. Core Responsibilities: Write and review code for new features. This is a Senior role, and the candidate will be expected to be involved and own several projects. Collaborate with the VP of Engineering to plan for new features and architect data solutions. Ensure data quality by implementing best practices. Ensure code quality by developing robust test cases. Think automation first! Find areas of optimization and implement changes to create more efficient workflows. Monitor and troubleshoot issues as they come up. Provide feedback on areas of improvement SKILLS: Specialization in data engineering development using very large data sets (10s of TBs). Expertise in data warehousing, data streaming, relational databases, search databases and in-memory databases. Strong understanding of cloud computing, distributed computing, and scalability principles. Strong knowledge of relational databases. Strong knowledge of data structures and algorithms. Understanding of NoSQL or columnar databases. Outstanding communication skills and the ability to work well within agile environment. Qualifications Advanced Degree in computer science or electrical engineering 4+ years hands-on data engineering software Must have development expertise using Scala and Spark. Strong understanding of cloud services in AWS or Azure Expertise with relational databases using SQL and Postgres. Experience using software automation tools such as Jenkins, Ansible, and Git. Experience working with containers in Docker and Kubernetes. Experience in Test Driven Development Practices. Experience working with agile scrum practices. Knowledge of real time streaming and/or search databases. Nice to have experience working with Python. Additional Information About Epsilon Epsilon is a global advertising and marketing technology company positioned at the center of Publicis Groupe. Epsilon accelerates clients' ability to harness the power of their first-party data to activate campaigns across channels and devices, with an unparalleled ability to prove outcomes. The company's industry-leading technology connects advertisers with consumers to drive performance while respecting and protecting consumer privacy. Epsilon's people-based identity graph allows brands, agencies and publishers to reach real people, not cookies or devices, across the open web. For more information, visit epsilon.com. When you're one of us, you get to run with the best. For decades, we've been helping marketers from the world's top brands personalize experiences for millions of people with our cutting-edge technology, solutions and services. Epsilon's best-in-class identity gives brands a clear, privacy-safe view of their customers, which they can use across our suite of digital media, messaging and loyalty solutions. We process 400+ billion consumer actions each day and hold many patents of proprietary technology, including real-time modeling languages and consumer privacy advancements. Thanks to the work of every employee, Epsilon has been consistently recognized as industry-leading by Forrester, Adweek and the MRC. Positioned at the core of Publicis Groupe, Epsilon is a global company with more than 8,000 employees around the world. Check out a few of these resources to learn more about what makes Epsilon so EPIC: Our Culture : https://www.epsilon.com/us/about-us/our-culture-epsilon Life at Epsilon : https://www.epsilon.com/us/about-us/epic-blog DE&I : https://www.epsilon.com/us/about-us/diversity-equity-inclusion CSR : https://www.epsilon.com/us/about-us/corporate-social-responsibility Great People Deserve Great Benefits We know that we have some of the brightest and most talented associates in the world, and we believe in rewarding them accordingly. If you work here, expect competitive pay, comprehensive health coverage, and endless opportunities to advance your career. Epsilon is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Epsilon's policy is not to discriminate against any applicant or employee based on actual or perceived race, age, sex or gender (including pregnancy), marital status, national origin, ancestry, citizenship status, mental or physical disability, religion, creed, color, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression (including transgender status), veteran status, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law. Epsilon also prohibits harassment of applicants and employees based on any of these protected categories. Epsilon will provide accommodations to applicants needing accommodations to complete the application process. #LI-TG1 REF230381V