Data Engineer Judge Group Plano, TX Apply Salary 140k - 165k Per Year posted 5 days ago Location Plano, TX Description Location: Plano, TX Salary: $140,000.00 USD Annually - $165,000.00 USD Annually Description: Data Engineer Location: Hybrid (Plano, TX) - Contract to Hire Roles and Responsibilities: As a Data Engineer at our organization, you’ll play a crucial role in designing, developing, and maintaining data pipelines. You’ll work with cutting-edge cloud and big data technologies, including AWS EMR, EC2, Scala, Spark, and Snowflake. Here’s what you’ll be doing: API and Calculator Development : Collaborate with cross-functional teams to build robust APIs and data calculators. Software Solutions : Execute standard software solutions, ensuring high-quality code that adheres to best practices. Technical Troubleshooting : Apply your problem-solving skills to break down complex technical issues and find effective solutions. System Design and Development : Design, develop, and troubleshoot data systems, considering both upstream and downstream implications. Automation : Leverage tools within the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) to enhance automation and efficiency. Data Analysis : Dive into large, diverse datasets, drawing meaningful conclusions to inform decision-making. Secure and Stable Code : Learn and apply system processes and methodologies to create secure, stable code. Required Qualifications, Capabilities, and Skills: To excel in this role, you should have: Formal Training : A formal background or certification in software engineering concepts. Programming Languages : Proficiency in Java, Scala, and/or Python. Practical Experience : Hands-on experience in system design, application development, testing, and operational stability. Corporate Environment : Familiarity with developing, debugging, and maintaining code in a large corporate setting. Join our dynamic team and contribute to innovative data solutions that drive our organization forward! Contact: tswinton@judge.com This job and many more are available through The Judge Group. Find us on the web at www.judge.com About the Company Judge Group The Judge Group Inc., is a leading professional services firm specializing in talent, technology, and learning solutions. We consult, staff, train, and solve. Through our work we make people and organizations better. Our services are successfully delivered through a network of more than 30 offices across the United States, Canada, and India. The Judge Group is proud to partner with the best and brightest companies in business today, including over 60 of the Fortune 100. We serve organizations in financial services, healthcare, life sciences, insurance, government (including aerospace and defense), manufacturing, and technology and telecommunications. If you would like to learn more about The Judge Group visit www.judge.com or call toll free (800) 360-4474. Company Size 5,000 to 9,999 employees Industry Computer/IT Services Founded 1970