Data Engineer III FM Global JOHNSTON, RI Apply posted 1 day ago Location JOHNSTON, RI Description FM Global is a leading property insurer of the world's largest businesses, providing more than one-third of FORTUNE 1000-size companies with engineering-based risk management and property insurance solutions. FM Global helps clients maintain continuity in their business operations by drawing upon state-of-the-art loss-prevention engineering and research; risk management skills and support services; tailored risk transfer capabilities; and superior financial strength. To do so, we rely on a dynamic, culturally diverse group of employees, working in more than 100 countries, in a variety of challenging roles. The Data Engineer III is responsible for analysis, data modeling, data collection, data integration, and preparation of data for consumption. The Data Engineer is responsible for creating and managing data infrastructure, data pipeline design, implementation and data verification. Along with the team, the Data Engineer is responsible for ensuring the highest standards of data quality, security and compliance. Additionally, the Data Engineer will implement methods to improve data reliability and quality, combine raw information from different sources to create consistent data sets. The Data Engineer will need to be proficient in DataOps and be able to provide technical expertise to other Data Engineers. Data Engineers will design and build data solutions and integrations which may involve diverse data platforms, software, hardware, technologies and tools. Uses available approved technologies and recommends solution options. Incumbents may design and build application solutions and integrations which may involve diverse development platforms (including 3rd party systems), software, hardware, technologies and tools. The Data Engineer III is the third level position in the Data Engineer job family. Those holding this position are typically assigned to work on integrated project teams for medium to large projects and be the lead for smaller projects. The Data Engineer III must also be able to work independently. Data Acquisition: Possess and continually grow knowledge of structured and unstructured data sources within each product journey (Underwriting and Risk; Client Service, Sales and Marketing; Claims; Account and Location Engineering) as well as emerging data sources (purchased data sets; external data; etc.) Partner with product owners, developers, solution architects, business analysts, data engineers, data analysts, data scientists and others to understand data and reporting needs Develop solutions using data modeling techniques and using cloud technologies such as Postgres, Azure Data Factory, streaming technologies such as Confluent/Kafka, technologies such as Synapse, SQL Server, SSIS and others as required Validate solutions are accurate through detailed and disciplined testing methodologies Ensure tables and views are designed for data integrity, efficiency and performance, and are easy to comprehend. Move and Store Data: Data flow, infrastructure pipelines, ETL/ELT, structured and unstructured data movement and storage solutions Design data models and data flows into and out of Data Analytics databases Understand and design data relationships between business and data subject areas Follow standards for naming conventions, code documentation and code review Support data exploration and transformation needs: Conduct data cleansing and support other team members with data cleansing tasks as needed Conduct data profiling to identify data anomalies and resolve issues Execute data preparation tasks Identify, design, and implement internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability, etc. Build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using SQL and Azure technologies. Support users and production applications: Managing and addressing operational data issues by establishing workarounds and/or bringing in cross functional teams to solve the issues in timely manner Support developers, data analysts and data scientists who need to interact with data in either data warehouse Analyze and assess reported data quality issues, quickly identifying root cause Consult dba(s) and team members on configuration and maintenance of the infrastructure. Monitor system performance and execute opportunities for optimization Monitor storage capacity and reliability Fix productions issues quickly, with appropriate validation and deployment steps Provide clear and professional communication to users, management, and teammates Provide ad hoc data extracts and analysis to respond to tactical business needs Participate in effective execution of team priorities: Ability to solve complex problems with on-time delivery Identify work tasks and capture them in the team backlog Organize known tasks, prioritize work as needed Ability to resolve colliding priorities and escalate as need Provide production support Network with product teams to keep abreast of database changes as well as business process changes which result in data interpretation changes Prefer 4 year/Bachelor’s Degree or Master's Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Computer Engineering, or equivalent experience 5+ years relatable work experience Strong SQL coding and ETL/ELT design skills required. Experience designing/building/maintaining cloud database(s) Knowledge of Azure Cloud applications Familiarity with Kafka, Docker, Kubernetes technologies Familiarity with Agile methodology Compensation, Grade, and Job Title will be determined based on qualifications, experience, and technical skillset. The position is eligible to participate in FM Global’s comprehensive Total Rewards program that includes an incentive plan, generous health and well-being programs, a 401(k) and pension plan, career development opportunities, tuition reimbursement, flexible work, paid time off allowances and much more. FM Global is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to attracting, developing, and retaining a diverse workforce. #FMG #LI-TA1 About the Company FM Global From our passionate, engaged workforce to our engineering-based approach, discover what makes careers at FM Global so uniquely inspiring. Resilience doesn’t come without knowledge. How can you predict the power of hurricane-force winds without research? How can you understand the fire danger inherent to storage scenarios without precise testing and modeling? How do you take your clients from risk to resilience, without the data to inform the recommendation? At FM Global, engineering data and scientific research combine with nearly two centuries of experience to give you the ultimate platform on which to build a resilient career. Working here, you don’t just work in property insurance. You prepare one out of every three Fortune 1000 companies to stand up to risk. To build resilience based on the expertise you and FM Global bring. And you give them what they need to climb back to their feet. Defined by our proprietary research, engineering-based approach, and reputation for excellence, FM Global offers a workplace culture that’s as supportive and inclusive as it is innovative and inspiring. We’re looking for people who can transform risk into resilience. Explore FM Global careers and discover whether one of those people is you. Company Size 5,000 to 9,999 employees Industry Insurance Founded 1835