A A A A Principal Data Engineer, HCP Data Platform AbbVie Mettawa, IL Apply posted Today Location Mettawa, IL Description Company Description AbbVie's mission is to discover and deliver innovative medicines and solutions that solve serious health issues today and address the medical challenges of tomorrow. We strive to have a remarkable impact on people's lives across several key therapeutic areas immunology, oncology, neuroscience, and eye care and products and services in our Allergan Aesthetics portfolio. For more information about AbbVie, please visit us atwww.abbvie.com. Follow @abbvie onTwitter,Facebook,Instagram,YouTubeandLinkedIn. Job Description Come to work each day with an inclusive and collaborative business technology team. As a Principal Data Engineer for HCP (Healthcare Professional) Data Platform in AbbVie Brand Commercial Business Technology Solutions (BTS), youll have opportunities to lead and contribute to the digital transformation of a leading biopharma company, helping to create solutions that impact patients and their communities for the better. In this role youll be responsible for: Understanding organization's vision, goals, and strategies. Align department priorities appropriately, determine critical success factors, evaluate, and pursue initiatives based on fit with strategies. Working on strategies aimed to improve business decisioning processes utilizing continuous improvement across functions, ensuring that project commitments are achieved, compliance, business, and data privacy requirements are met; and launch plans are executed. Leading multiple development teams, manages solutions for different analytical and operational reporting needs for the business functions. Acting as data domain and engineer standards expert with functional and business teams and understands business strategy and needs related to descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive analytics. Leading BTS and partner teams in data solution development and successful implementation data for actionable insights for business decision making. Providing project status updates to leadership BTS team in prioritization, project strategies, manage portfolio by working with the program/project manager. Partnering with Commercial Data Lake and Enterprise BTS organizations to evaluate and establish analytics best practices and solutions related to data visualization and data mining and provide thought leadership on consolidation of reporting platforms for operational & analytics data visualization and modeling. Managing the budget, expenses, and capital costs against the budget. Providing innovative solution ideas along with execution strategies to help drive business insights across the Suggestions Ecosystem. Tools and skills you will use in this role: Python/Spark SQL Snowflake, Hive Agile development methodologies SDLC process Awareness of standards and best practices related to Integration and Data Management Clear interpersonal communication, proofreading, editing, and formatting skills Solid understanding on impacting, emerging and vendor trends in the BI/DW/Analytics space Solid executive presence with excellent communication and presentation skills Qualifications Experiences that make you a strong candidate for this role: Required Bachelor's Degree with 8 years' experience; masters degree with 7 years' experience; or PhD with 3 years' experience. Marketing: experience implementing digital marketing solutions. Preferred: understanding of the pharmaceutical industry including role of providers, patients, payers, distributors, and policy makers. BI/DW and Analytics; experience will include one or more of the following: Data Analyst, Systems Analyst, Data Architect, Analytics/Reporting Architect Demonstrated ability to coordinate cross-functional teams towards task completion. Experience with Service Operations in a multi-sourced and multi-project environment. Why Business Technology Solutions? For anyone who wants to use technology and data to make a difference in peoples lives, shape the digital transformation of a leading biopharmaceutical company, and secure sustainable career growth within a diverse, global team: were ready for you. Additional Information AbbVie is committed to operating with integrity, driving innovation, transforming lives, serving our community and embracing diversity and inclusion. It is AbbVies policy to employ qualified persons of the greatest ability without discrimination against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex (including pregnancy), physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, marital status, status as a protected veteran, or any other legally protected group status.