Data Engineer IV Orangepeople Menlo Park, CA 94025 Apply Job Type Full-time, Employee posted 19 days ago Location Menlo Park, CA Description Welcome to the forefront of data innovation! The main function of the Data Engineer is to develop, evaluate, test, and maintain architectures and data solutions within our organization. The typical Data Engineer executes plans, policies, and practices that control, protect, deliver, and enhance the value of the organization's data assets. Join us as a Data Engineer and together, let's unlock the full potential of data to shape a smarter, more connected future. Job Responsibilities: Manage data engineering projects through the full cycle. Identify and underline business initiatives from a data engineering perspective. Design, construct, install, test, and maintain highly scalable data management systems. Ensure systems meet business requirements and industry practices. Design, implement, automate, and maintain large-scale enterprise data ETL processes. Build high-performance algorithms, prototypes, predictive models, and proof of concepts. Skills: Required - SQL, Python, ETL experience. Ability to work as part of a team, as well as work independently or with minimal direction. Excellent written, presentation, and verbal communication skills. Collaborate with data architects, modelers, and IT team members on project goals. Strong PC skills including knowledge of Microsoft SharePoint. Education/Experience: Bachelor's degree in a technical field such as computer science, computer engineering, or related field required. Process certification, such as Six Sigma, CBPP, BPM, ISO 20000, ITIL, and CMMI. Benefits: 401(k). Dental Insurance. Health insurance. Vision insurance. We are an equal-opportunity employer and value diversity, equality, inclusion, and respect for people. The salary will be determined based on several factors including, but not limited to, location, relevant education, qualifications, experience, technical skills, and business needs. Additional Responsibilities: Participate in OrangePeople monthly team meetings, and participate in team-building efforts. Contribute to OrangePeople technical discussions, peer reviews, etc. Contribute content and collaborate via the OP-Wiki/Knowledge Base. Provide status reports to OP Account Management as requested. About us: OrangePeople is an Enterprise Architecture and Project Management solutions company. Our most valuable asset is our people: dynamic, creative thinkers, who are passionate about doing quality work. As a member of the OrangePeople team, you will have access to industry-leading consulting practices, strategies & and technologies, innovative training & and education. An ideal Orange Person is a technology leader with a proven track record of technical achievements and a strong process/methodology orientation. About the Company Orangepeople Begin your adventure! Join our team of Outstanding Professionals The heart of our business Our People We believe that quality outcomes and value creation stem from the development of empowered people. With trust, respect, and collaboration, we believe that people make the biggest difference. Life at OP... If it is not fun, we just won't do it. The quality of services we provide is a direct reflection of the quality of life at OP! From our core values to our tight-knit culture, we are more than just an awesome company. We are a family that genuinely cares for the well-being of our clients and our team. Our Culture At OrangePeople we are lucky enough to work on-site with some of the world's top brands. Our employees work at client sites across the country from California to Florida to Texas. Everyone is a key member of their local team and continuously supported by our internal network. We focus on keeping it local, and most of our consultant's never set foot in an airport (for work at least!). Be Recognized We hire the best, and we want to ensure all of our employees feel valued. As an employer, we focus on these core tenants for our team: -Recognition -Personal Development -Fun Our holiday parties are known to lead to break dancing competitions and a lot of laughter. Giving Back OrangePeople is focused on giving back to both our local and global communities. OrangePeople matches donations to employee's individual organizations and fundraising events, including Unicef, Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, and Cycle for Survival. This allows employees to focus on causes that are important to them, but also receive the benefit of our collective support. Our core values Continuous improvement and respect for people are the two foundational pillars that we build on. Respect By treating everyone with the utmost respect, we aim to increase engagement, to promote knowledge sharing, and to create win-win scenarios. Synergy We apply teamwork to create a healthy and vibrant work environment. Our relationships with our team members, clients, and business partners are the core foundations of our company. Integrity We are honest, fair, and hold ourselves accountable for our actions. We acknowledge our mistakes and build trust through our character. Excellence We are committed to consistently providing the highest quality of services with the greatest attention to detail. Continuous improvement is a common denominator across all our engagements. Company Size 100 to 499 employees Industry Computer/IT Services Employee Benefits Medical, Dental and Vision , Vacation/paid time off Founded 2004