P2P.org launched in 2018 with a mission to positively influence the development of PoS technologies. Since our launch we have grown to manage $7.5+ billion in staked assets across more than 40,000 investors and 50+ unique blockchain networks and now P2P.org is a global Top-3 Non-Custodial staking provider. P2P.org is comprised of talented, inspiring individuals spread around the globe. Nevertheless, our team is distributed, we have one thing in common: our passion for the decentralised future. We believe in the power of decentralised finance, a system that is supposed to be fair to everyone. We all share this passion to code, learn, create, and connect to collectively contribute to the future of finance. P2P.org is a powerful brand with a good reputation, and over the years we have developed a good network. We try to provide the best conditions for our customers. We're also big tech geeks, with a keen interest in developing cool new tech, which further increases the confidence in our brand. P2P.org is ready to share its expertise, we definitely do an excellent job as a validator, we have become established validators in a lot of blockchain networks, so we have a broad outlook, and have accumulated a large set of knowledge and tools. Stack Python SQL Kafka Flink Kubernetes GCP We provide Blockchain foundation teams with infrastructure and services for faster product development. Investors with a single entry point to all blockchains. Developers with access to blockchain data. You will Perform technical and business tasks from analysts related to our core tools. Participate in code reviews of analysts and identifying suboptimal processes. Monitor load and alerts from our services. Interact with DevOps team on our services and support tasks. Maintain security and compliance standards. You have Strong knowledge: Python, SQL — any syntax, preferably BQ, ClickHouse, PostgreSQL. Production experience with Kafka, Flink — knowledges of best practices in Streaming pipelines. Experience with Kubernetes. General understanding and experience with GCP — Cloud SQL, VM, Storage. Friendliness and willingness to help colleagues. English level: B2+. What we offer At P2P.org we have a team of experts with their own unique approach and ownership culture. Together we gain experience and make dreams come true! Remote working from any part of the world. Work from anywhere in the world: an international, distributed team. Competitive salary level in $. Well-being program. Mental Health care program. Compensation for education, including foreign language study programs & professional growth courses. Equipment & co-working reimbursement program. Overseas conferences, community immersion. Positive and friendly communication culture. P2P.org is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, or disability. Анастасия Шмырова IT Recruiter Откликнуться О компании P2P.ORG Сфера Продуктовая компания Размер 101 - 200 P2P.org launched in 2018 with a mission to positively influence the development of PoS technologies. Since our launch we have grown to manage 1,9+ billion USD in staked assets across more than 40,000 investors and 50+ unique blockchain networks and now P2P.org is a global Top-3 Non-Custodial staking provider. What we do: We provide blockchain foundation teams with infrastructure and services for faster product development. We provide investors with a single entry point to all blockchains. We provide developers with access to blockchain data. P2P.org is comprised of talented, inspiring individuals spread around the globe. Nevertheless, our team is distributed, we have one thing in common: our passion for the decentralised future. We believe in the power of decentralised finance, a system that is supposed to be fair to everyone. We all share this passion to code, learn, create, and connect to collectively contribute to the future of finance. P2P.org is a powerful brand with a good reputation, and over the years we have developed a good network. We try to provide the best conditions for our customers. We're also big tech geeks, with a keen interest in developing cool new tech, which further increases the confidence in our brand. P2P.org is ready to share its expertise, we definitely do an excellent job as a validator, we have become established validators in a lot of blockchain networks, so we have a broad outlook, and have accumulated a large set of knowledge and tools. Откликнуться